I was extremely disappointed in this DVD. It's 99% Jerry Lee talking to his sister and maybe 1% Jerry Lee playing piano. I only gave it one star because I wasn't allowed to give it zero. Pass on this one folks!Jim B
First let me state that this is the first time that I have been moved to the point of entering a review on an Amazon.com purchase, and I have made many, many purchases.  What motivated me to make my first review is the horrific and abysmal quality of this "instructional" guitar playing dvd.  This dvd is a joke, and the joke will be on you if you buy it.  Out of the entire running time of this dvd, there is not even ten seconds of informative or enjoyable viewing or hearing time.  All while I was watching this dvd, all I could think of was how I had been had.  While I was watching this pathetic excuse for a jazz guitar instructional dvd, I kept saying to myself over and over "this is horrible".  In fact the dvd was so bad, it moved me to keep watching it in absolute and stunned amazement that someone would have the unmitigated gall to put it on the market for sale.  As soon as I heard the first two effects laden notes, I knew I was in for a bumpy ride and a full frontal auditory assault from the stylings of Mr. Scott Henderson. Assuming that you would like to play guitar like Mr. Henderson (which I can not think of any earthly reason why you would want to), he doesn't even do a good job of teaching you to do that.  He repeatedly lapses into mindless extended exercises where he appears to feel that his main job is to entertain you with his style of guitar playing, as opposed to teaching you anything.  I think that this is a merciful thing.  Heaven forbid that this pathetic excuse for music be propagated in any form or fashion.  A better title for this dvd would have been "Scott Henderson, Live at the Video Recording Studio".If I had read the other one star review of this product, I never would have bought the dvd.  That review sums up this dvd perfectly.  In jazz guitar playing, there is such a thing as "taste" and "economy of notes" playing.  Mr. Henderson employs neither of these elements of jazz guitar playing.  I beg you not to waste your money on this hoax of a dvd.  Words literally fail me to tell you just how bad this dvd is.  On many, many ocassions I have looked at guitar players and longed to be able to play like them.  In this case, I hope I never ever sound like this guy.  The only possible function that this dvd could possibly serve is that if you just started playing a few months ago, this dvd will show you just just how far you have come and that you are better than you think.  The dvd will be a real confidence booster for you and it will let you know that you are on the right track and he isn't.All of the other dvd purchases that I have made that I didn't particularly care for have been put on a shelf and I just don't watch them anymore.  This dvd is so bad, I can't stand the thought of it being on my shelf and I have relegated it to its rightful place, the circular file.If you can watch this dvd and enjoy it, it does not bode well for your future as a quality guitar player.
Well, first of all, I am the lead singer for my band.  I am a very good singer, I've had many singing lessons and am in choir.  I know how to sing from my diaphram and sing with the correct vowel sounds, have good vibrato, and falsetto.  BUT!! I wanted to learn how to SCREAM.  I have done a few shows with a hardcore band and screamed for them and just devestated my throat.  I wanted to learn how to SCREAM correctly and this dvd will not teach you how to SCREAM.  It may say it does, but it does not.  Pretty much the first hour of stuff was stuff I already knew about singing.  She mentions how to make your voice scratchy in about 3-4 sentences and THATS IT.  I need further explanation.  I am extremely extremely angry because I just wasted my money on a crappy factless infomertial for Melissa Cross.  This dvd sucks!
This seems to be like any other vocal warm-up, exercise audio you can get.The DVD is an "Infomercial",  it's like they were going to put it on late night tv and didn't, so thought, "what the hell, .. lets put it in the product to look like it's more than just a cd audio"..The product really is just the cd audio with do-re-mi like exercises.  caveat emptor.
This is pretty awful. As far as the regular technique, it looks like Melissa is better than the average voice teacher, but certainly nowhere near the best in the world, and if you're buying a home product, you can just get the best instead of this. At least she's telling you to breath in through your nose and she's not telling you to raise your soft palate like some teachers, esp classical, but she's emphasizing breathing way too much and wants you to push from the gut like a bad classical voice teacher. If you raise your shoulders when you breathe, maybe her classical technique section will help you... that is if you can get passed her home made cutesy names alla Phoebe from "Friends." Phoebe tried to teach guitar and calls an F cord "old lady" etc... Melissa has so many comical names "Rotunda" breathing, a "by the way" catch breath, etc... All of it is imagery based teaching on the off chance that when you think of the same thing she's thinking of you'll do what she's doing... instead of actually training your muscles to do what she's doing without the intermediate step. She actually makes people bite pencils to get better placement.  It's comical. All of that is pretty common among voice teachers, though, and is her teaching at best. At worst she encourages you to scream on pitches to build compression on high notes, which of course if you actually do you'll hurt yourself bad, but if you can match what she's doing (without any explanation other than the demonstration) you'll sing in a good balanced mix and then leave with the idea that that's what it means to "scream" on a pitch. The next 20 minutes are all telling you not to push to hard, so maybe it's ok to use the word "scream" like that.If you don't want to spend much money, don't buy this, buy Seth Rigg's "Singing for the Stars." If you don't mind spending quite a bit buy Brett Manning's "Singing Success" and/or "Mastering Mix," both expensive programs, both worth every penny. These are three of the best home vocal programs in the world... when you can get that, why buy this?As far as the actual false cord death metal 'scream' technique this product is hyped as covering, there really isn't much here. I don't know much about false cord technique except Tuvan throat singing which is very healthy for your voice, just keep the constriction above your vocal cords and not right on them. If it makes you want to cough, you're squeezing too low, stop, and see if you can make the false cord sound while maintaining an open, unhindered true tone underneath.  I checked out this DVD to learn more about false cord singing and I know nothing more about it now than I did ... it feels like at least 3 hours ago but it can't have really been that long or it wouldn't all fit on the DVD!For death metal screams you might try something like Cathrin Sadolin's "Complete Vocal Technique" home program, which has been recommended to me. I've ordered and it hasn't arrived yet. It looks much better than this, though, like it actually tells you how do these death metal vocals safely, rather than just wanting you to experiment until you find the way that doesn't hurt. I feel bad promoting a product I haven't yet sampled, but I don't want to simply say this is bad without recommending an alternative. Cathrin's program *has* to be better than this waste of time and money. Try that or get a good vocal coach who's familiar with the kind of death metal vocals you want to learn. If you try to learn death metal vocals just from this DVD, you could be wandering around in the dark hurting your voice for months before you stumble upon a healthy coordination.
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter for Christmas.  Tried tuning it several times, sounded horrible.  I knew something was wrong, took it to a guitar repair place locally.  Apparently the strings were too close to the neck and were buzzing or vibrating against it when strummed.  It was $20 to try and adjust the neck, but that wasn't enough.  $50 more to attempt repair.  Guitar package as a whole was around $100, so I'm guessing the guitar was maybe $80-$90.  I managed to return it 3 days past the return date (repair shop called several days after dropped off).  Obviously no quality control at the factory or by company, because they would have detected defect immediately according to the guitar store.  My daughter was crying tonight when I told her it was too much to repair.  Fortunately, with the refund, I can get a another brand.
i found this same guitar on a different site for $38 free shipping.  I was shocked when i took it out of the box.  it is total of 21 inches long and 7 inches wide at the biggest part.  It's too small for my 2 year old to play.  I got this for my 5 year old for an xmas gift and im so happy it came in with enough time for me to return it and buy a different one. Its made with even cheaper strings then fishing line.  sounds terrible.  Its a toy for maybe a 2 year old.  NO way for a 5 year old or older.  The reviews are so good and i have NO idea why.  So so so so small.
It's a sad commentary on the state of political correctness when a book written in the 19th century has to be &quot;updated&quot; instead of being preserved as a precious reminder of times gone by. Are filmmakers so concerned with the bottom line that they don't think viewers are capable of recognizing a historical setting for what it is? The virtue of the novel is in its message - that love is eternal, surpassing youth, beauty, and riches. What part of that message can't be understood by a modern audience without &quot;sanitizing it for our protection&quot; against mores of bygone days? Why must we be hit on the head with the Anvil of Political Consciousness in a story where those notions had yet to be brought to the fore?If the people making this movie had been truly interested in finding feminism in Louisa May Alcott's text, then they missed the boat in three enormous ways:1. They made Jo the prettiest girl. That casting move left all of her lines about being an awkward tomboy sound as if she were fishing for compliments. What would have been so terrible about having someone less model-waif-starlet take the role? Go back and watch June Allyson and Katherine Hepburn in their turns as Jo - they weren't prettied up by the makeup artists and photographers, and it makes them all the stronger. By making Jo so lovely, the film accidentally moves against feminism by falling into the stereotype that even &quot;little&quot; women have to be beautiful. (To be fair, they also make Professor Bhaer unrecognizably handsome, missing the point for the male as well as female characters.)2. They ignored the subtle textual references about Marmee having as severe a temper as Jo. Instead of showing Marmee shouting out a window about not wearing corsets, why not show her working to control her emotions for the good of her family? Why not show her desire to work for the betterment of the poor as an outlet for her frustration over being left at home? Can you imagine what Susan Sarandon could have done with material like that?3. I'll grant that it would be hard to portray the changes in Amy, because in the novel most of them are happening in description rather than in her actions. Simply changing actresses in mid-stream isn't enough - we should have seen her growth from inside, her desire to become a good person rather than a rich one. Instead of seeing Laurie as her just reward for having made such a difficult journey, as we do in the book, it comes across as irony that someone so selfish should wind up with the rich boy next door.Thanks, but no thanks - I'll go back to Katherine Hepburn or June Allyson (even though in the latter version it's obvious Joan Bennett was pregnant when she portrayed Amy), and take my message undiluted.
I was so excited to purchase my copy of this film because it's one of my favorites.  But it won't play.  It won't play in any American DVD player.  That's something that should have been advertised.
So here's the bullet - I ordered a snowball mic and this pop filter on behalf of my father (who isn't doing so great, thanks for asking...) because he wanted to record some things (while he still can) for his family. When I went to put the mic in my cart Amazon flashed it's lovely "frequently bought together" thing, and I recalled that the person who'd advised me on what kind of mic we needed had also recommended a pop filter. Into the cart it went. The mic arrived (two days later) and works very, very well. I am very pleased with it as is my dad. But I digress. This filter arrived one month and one day later. The seller was Cosy Zone. And I can't say the filter has been as successful.Now, the prolonged ship time isn't that surprising, since the item shipped from China. I took it to my dad's and tried to put it on the mic stand. It is much too large, and makes the mic topple over. We tried a few different configurations (should I add that he is a mechanic with an engineers brain and I am hugely visual-spatial AND went to college?), and all had the same result - the filter makes the mic topple over. So I contacted the seller. And here's where it starts to get EXCITING!In my first contact I said that the item did not perform as described ("fits all mic stands" is what the description read; items does not fit. Buyer sad. etc.). The seller asked for a photo of the item to ensure they sent the right one. I said that yes, it was the correct item, it just didn't fit. I sent a photo. Another exchange took place. Then they then asked me to try again because "Sometimes owning some careless mistake or setup problem or incompatibility, you might not get it work.".Well, since I am not careless, and since I had already tried multiple ways and means of setting up the filter on the mic, and since after 3-4 emails back and forth with China the seller is being pretty evasive and complicated, I am giving up. yup. Giving up. Thing is, I will eat the $$ I spent on it in the end anyway, and I know that now. They have no intention of refunding me or taking the item back, or they would have by now. I am tired of trying to prove myself to an off-shore seller who really has no intention of backing up their product. So instead I will tell my cautionary tale here and hope someone learns from my mistake(s):1.) I bought from an Amazon "seller" and not from Amazon directly. If you don't mind waiting as much as 8 weeks for delivery, buy on!2.) Well, mistake two is really the same as mistake one... If you buy, be aware - as I was not - that this seller is not interested in you or your custom. They sell who knows how many cheap bits and pieces to foolish (hopefully not just American?) buyers every day. If the item doesn't work to your satisfaction...well...don't say I didn't warn you.I'd tell you the moral of the story, but by now I bet you already got it.
Every time I set it up it falls down Terrible. I cant even have a good recording session because of it but i will be buying another just not from this company.
In the years since I've seen this film I have held a quiet dislike for it that was hard for me to voice, particularly due to the fact that so many of my friends admire it.  It has much to like, I think: the acting, the pacing, the themes, cinematography, great story, etc.  However, as a gay man, my personal reaction to it was that it was disingenuous--that this film is not true to life, that it was incredible and unconvincing in that it does not agree with what I know to be true about love between people and love between men.When two people love each other, and when that love is a great love, like the one depicted in this film, that love gives courage and enables the lovers to overcome certain obstacles, like fear.  In this movie that doesn't happen.  Mind you, it is not that I am addicted to happy endings.  I was not, at the outset, hoping for the two lovers to end up together and happy like in straight soap operas.  I expected them to be together because my own logic led me to that conclusion.  I thought, well, if their love is that great and strong, they'll find a way.  The love between the two men had that quality of greatness that, naturally, would lead me to think that way.  When that did not happen, and the men never really come together, never overcome their fear, it just didn't seem real or true to me.  Either their love was really not that great, or the story is lying at some level.Let me tell you, when two closeted gay or bisexual men in their situation (married to women) fall in love, they can and do find ways to be together.  One of the most common ways of doing so is by going into business.  A business partnership between two men can become an unofficial marriage, granting the men ample time together and also many opportunities for traveling in each other's company for business related reasons and pretexts like: business conferences and fairs, meetings with investors, business expansion endeavors, etc.  Men in such a partnership can hope to enjoy a high degree of marital closeness, even though they have to be discreet about it.  Watching this film, I remember having the expectation that at some point the lovers would go into business together and manage to stay close to each other that way.So, when the lovers do not come together, yes it was disappointing, and for a long time my mind searched for a reason why because the reasons given in the story were unconvincing--even untruthful.  And finally, I struck on what may be the answer--director Ang Lee's Chinese cultural background, with it's eastern philosophical tenets of individual self-sacrifice for the social order and a nebulous "greater good."  Is the subtext here, I wondered, that gay love does not serve the "greater good," and is the greater good equated with the social order and, by extension, mysteries? Sacredness? God?  You must admit, the characters possessed a great reluctance and fear to upset society.  The whole idea of a great love that existed but was not known nor acknowledged by anyone outside of the two lovers, is a concept that is very Asian--the lovers who cannot consummate their love because society forbids it, and that there is something spiritually beautiful in that abnegation of their love.  There are Chinese folktales that run like this, and it is this very type of romanticism that I find both disagreeable and dishonest.  Because the fact is that every single day, human beings have to find ways to subvert the social order in order to snatch some of the rewards of life for themselves, and they are also often successful in doing just that.  The failure of these lovers to do just that is incredible, untruthful, and dishonest, and does not serve any mysterious and deceptive "greater good."It is worth noting here that the lovers in the film are not cowboys by mere accident.  They are cowboys because the cowboy is one of the chief and most respected stereotypes of masculinity in America, and as such they make a convincing pitch for the heartstrings of those who believe in that stereotype, in John Wayne and the Marlboro man.  Imagine for a minute if the lovers in "Brokeback" had not been cowboys but instead had been truckers, or better yet, beauticians.  Could viewers have taken their love as seriously?  I don't think so.  The movie hinges on the idea that the cowboy-lovers are "real" men, and that it is the love between two "real" men that the story is about.  Why?  Well, to augment it's subtle but devastating insult to gay men.  It says to gay men that they are not men, that they are something less--because they do not conform to trite masculine stereotypes.  And the clincher is that the moviegoer is complicit in this insult because, if the movie had been about the love affair between two male hairdressers, far less people would have cared to see it.I resent this movie because it represents a great put-down of gay men and of gay love.  It suggests that love between "real" men is not really possible, even as the "real" men in question are mere stereotypes.  It insults gay men by refusing to acknowledge their manhood.  It is ridiculous in it's belittlement of gay love because it suggests that even when that love is great, gay lovers are incapable of asserting and establishing that love and that closeness in some way, even subversively.  In the end, you may believe whatever you want to believe, but when men really love each other they find ways to be together, whether they are closeted married cowboys or high-powered businessmen.  And the social order be damned.
Pure crap.  I could say more but crap sums it up. Nothing more needs to be said to review this want to be entertainment.
Please let me begin by saying that I honestly feel we are entitled to love whomever we choose to love - regardless of gender.  Love being the focus here, I must say that I did not see love in this movie - with the exception of Alma's (Michelle Williams) love for Ennis and of course, her little girls.  It was with great anticipation that I watched this movie, and I was left greatly disappointed.  In my humble opinion, this movie was all about lust.  I think we are all so caught up in the hype of this tale that we fail to see the raw, somber message that is delivered.Jack is obviously attracted to men, and Ennis is caught up in a moment of weakness.  It is almost as if Ennis is unable to stop himself time after time.  Though Jack seems interested in only Ennis, we are led to believe that he continues to seek male companionship, with or without Ennis.I believe we are fascinated by this story because it is so unique; 1960s sexual encounter between two "macho" cowboys that continues for 20 years.  And sexual encounter is all that it is.  The shirt scene has the potential to be moving, but it leaves me cold.For those of you who adore this movie, I envy the insight I obviously do not possess in this instance.
Like the others who came away from Brokeback Mountain feeling a bit let down, I too give movies the benefit of the doubt. I did not go into this film, having now seen it first on DVD thinking it was a movie about gay sexual relationships by two cowboys. I viewed it looking for passion in character and culture in the cowboy lifestyle. I found neither. Heath Ledger looked disinterested...lack of dialogue, lack of fire and lack of character development. The focus of his love, Jake Gyllenhaal just did not fulfill the cowboy look to me. He was too city strung and at times even reminded me of Billy Crystal in "City Slickers." There was not enough movement in the storyline for me to feel sorry for either one of them and as I said, I don't view movies with a bias going in.The tragedy in the end with Jack's slaying seemed like the senseless and silly ending that Nicholas Evans gave Robert Redford's movie character Tom Booker in his book version of "The Horse Whisperer." In the book, the horse Pilgrim rears up and crashes down on Booker, killing him instantly simply because the horse hated him. Redford left that silly notion out of the movie and instead made a real love story that captured the life of a western rancher falling in love with a married city executive. Brokeback killed off Jack in a stereotypical fashion symbolic of the killing of the gay student in Wyoming several years ago...because of the prejudice part of our society has towards gays. Too easy an ending to create sympathy and a convenient ending of sadness. The link of course was to Jack's flashback of the man earlier in his life who was killed in much the same way. I would have been more satisfied had Jack and Ennis just realized they could not meet anymore because of the dangers of such love at the time.To the myriad of reviewers who have applauded the film, I respect your admiration. It is a beautifully shot film and captures scenery of the west magically. But I just can't raise more than a star for this one. It should have offered a different sunset.
A second rate love story that has gained notroiety by being about gay love. Just a gimmick, nothing more. Don't get me wrong, unlike a lot of other idiots, I have nothing against the idea of homosexuality, the movie just blows.
Seriously, this movie really sucks. No, I am NOT one of those gay hating baptist (if you want to be gay cool whatever) but I am a sane enough individual to admit that this movie was completely a gay parade of nonsense. The plot was in my opinion absolutely boring and idiotic. This is the message I got from this movie, "When your atop a mountain and your all alone or your married it's okay to screw your buddy, because it's okay to be gay." Honestly, come on! You have to be honest with yourselves. This movie was just sad in a way that makes you wish you wouldn't have wasted your time. I was hoping to see a beautiful love story that would have helped me understand the love and connection gay people feel. Will and Grace demonstrates a better example. The two men in this movie cheated on their wives and were sex addicts. And if people think that is the greatest movie of all time then they are really delusional.
This movie was so boring that I was falling asleep in the theater and my boyfriend had to pinch me to keep my head up.  I can't believe this movie is being called Oscar worthy?!?!?!  I've seen better [...] movies than this.  This movie was nothing new, just basically the same sad plot about two men falling in love ending in tragedy and sadness.  YAWN.  Boring.  Whatever.  Michelle Williams was the only interesting character to me, but beyond that, I am pretty sure I won't be buying this on DVD or bother watching it again.
I have a right to my own feelings and I am very tired of everybody trying to force gay people on me.  They can have there own world and I will have mine, just stop trying to make me accept them.  I do not care to be near them or see them.  I have a lot more I could say, but out of respect for everyone I will hold back.  Back to this movie.  I just can not watch it.  I am trying to be nice and not go farther so please respect my feelings.  I do have the right to like or dislike who ever or what ever I want just as you do.
Mumbled dialogue, abject sqalour and dysfuctional relationships.  And oh so boring.  I enjoyed the mountain scenes with the sheep, but they only occupied about 1% of the movie.  Interesting that so many people rate it highly on Amazon, everone I have actually met thought the same as I did.  Must be a sampling artefact.
"ERROR ON DISK"  I expected a two-DVD set in the jewel case but there was only one.  It had no label, as though it was not professionally burned.  It was cheap and it would not play.  This is another instance where the more expensive item may be the lowest quality.
I was totally shocked with the two men together in a sexual scene! I could not watch any more of it at all.  I threw the movie in the garbage where I feel it belongs!
Every year the world gets at least one controversial film that is hailed by critics, and usually wins a lot of awards. "Brokeback Moutain" has been labled as "the gay cowboy movie," which sounds about right to me. It may be me, but I'm more likely to side with the hecklers in this case then with the critics. When "Fahrenheit 9/11" came out the critics hailed it as a "revolutionary film," one that apparently was so good that it was said that "it [didn't] matter whether you were left or right, ["Fahrenheit 9/11"] is a great film." Of course, we all know these statements to be complete lies barely two years later.But maybe the critics are right in this case. Maybe "Brokeback Moutain" IS a movie that can change the way we think about gay lovers?! I went into the movie with an open mind, ready to have my beliefs challenged. Strangely enough, I can sum up what "Brokeback Moutain" is in brief, simple summery: "Brokeback Moutain" is a glorified affair. As you all know, "Brokeback Moutain" revolves around two sheep herders (Ennis and Jack) who get drunk, have sex, and (supposingly) fall in love. Then they get back to the real world, they both get married, they have kids, but they still remember the nights they shared on Brokeback Mountain.Then one day, Ennis receives a letter from Jack, suggesting that they go back to Brokeback Moutain for another fling (although he doesn't say it like that per se). They both know that they can never be together, but they do make a choice to keep seeing each other at Brokeback Mountain every few months. Through the years Ennis and Jack spend continue with their real lives, with those few days a year they can see each other when they are in total bliss. All the while they hurt their wives, they neglect their kids to a certain extent, and they hurt friends.Some people see this movie as a great tradgedy because these two men love each other but can't be together. I, on the other hand, saw two men who lusted for each other, and ended up being complete jerks who did nothing but cheat on their wives and have no problem with this. Ok, time for the sarcasm to end and it's time to get serious. Despite all the praise this film gets, despite all the things that are being said about this series, at the end of the day this is about two men having an affair and hurting the people they are married to. This fact seems to have went over almost everyone's head. The fact that these two characters are hurting their loved one's doesn't seem to matter much to the people praising this film.I have to wonder, if the coupld had been a man and a woman, would all this deception and cheating be as overlooked as it is here? It's also hard to believe in the romance itself, seeing as how it was birthed from a night where the characters had one too many drinks, not because they actually fall in love. They just have a hard night of sex and before you know it they're a couple. Sorry, but I'm not convinced. Throughout this whole film there was only one believable character in the whole movie, and that character is the Michelle Williams character. When Williams character discovers that her husbend is cheating on her, we truly feel sorry for her as her marriage falls apart.The scene where she finally confronts her husbend about his affair with another man, I almost started to cry for her, as she was outright lied to, and her life was, more or less, greatly damaged. For some reason, some of the people I saw the film with sided with Ennis during this scene, because the Williams character "didn't understand what Ennis was going through." I couldn't help but wonder what any of the other characters had to do to get sympathy. The boys boss (played by Randy Quade) has been said to be a biggot, when in reality he couldn't care less about the two boys sexuality, he's just mad that they let his sheep get eaten while they were keeping themselves busy.I will admit that the acting is good, and the cinatography is beautiful, but I can't in all honesty recommend a movie where the main characters seem to okay with hurting people they care about, with very few consequences. I've never cared about movies that are about glorified affairs, and this one is no different.
I was so bored watching this movie. There was so little dialogue, so it was hard to get into the storyline, and what little dialogue there was seemed to mostly be arguing/yelling. The storyline moved along pretty slowly, and the love scenes were kind of violent, which was very awkward to me. The ending seemed abrupt and random, and was just depressing. I was hoping that this movie would live up to the good reviews, but it just didn't for me. Two hours of my life I'll never get back...
These 2 guys ruined the lives of 5 other people----I totally hated the movie and do not know what all the fuss was about.
The only redeeming thing about this movie is the scenery.  I am not giving this movie one star because of the sexual content.  I am giving this movie one star because of the acting.  Heath Ledger mumbled his lines do badly I could not understand a word he was saying, and I watched this move twice.  A cardboard standup would have displayed more acting ability than Jake Gyllenhaal.  My advice, don't bother.
this is just gay porn that hit the big screen. It is highly overrated and how can you feel sorry for people who are cheating on their wives.
I was really glad that BROKEBACK didn't win Best Picture.  The more I think about this movie, the more I think it's actually a very BAD movie, both politically and artistically.  First of all, it reinforces all sorts of negative stereotypes about gay men (they prey on and lure straight men into their way of life and ruin marriages and are promiscuous and are ultimately lonely and pathetic and/or die of AIDS or are bashed to death).  Secondly, it's not about love, it's about animal lust done by two incredibly selfish men who, if the story were straight, would have had feminist groups up in arms in anger.  Finally, it is yet another gay movie about beautiful men who don't exist in real life for anyone outside of those with lots of money who can afford the gym bunnies of west Hollywood.I didn't see CRASH, but I assume it was at least not self oppressive and ugly.
First of all let me clarify, I hated this movie because it was a bad movie.  I have no homophobic feelings, whatsoever.  The kiss between Jack and Ennis when Michelle Williams first sees them is a wonderful scene.I just thought this movie went haywire from the beginning.  First, it was horribly and strangely miscast.  Sure, Heath Ledger and Michelle Williams are compelling and turn in sound performances, but the rest of the cast was completely misplaced.  Jake Gyllenhall isn't a cowboy, he is a great actor, but every one of his scenes was laughable due to his and my uncomfort with him playing a cowboy.  Anne Hathaway was in the movie, I guess, to dye her hair every other scene.  And let me point out the other strange casting . . . Randy Quaid and Anna Farris??Secondly, while the movie may have been a political victory, maybe they should have focused on making it a film victory.  Ang Lee is a horrible story teller.  All his movies jump around incoherrently and in this case sometimes creepily (the scene where Ennis goes to visit Jack's parents still gives me nightmares.)  He has a spectacular eye and the cinematography is great, as is the soundtrack, but the directing and the script are a mess.Finally, and this is the most important point, (SPOILER) Jake Gyllenhall's death is just another part of the obnoxiousness of this movie.  Yes, it is sad they couldn't share their love to the world.  Yes, it is sad that people attack people just because of their sexuality, but watching Jack get attacked with a tire iron screamed CLICHE!  I wanted to vomit.  It was at that point that I was really just watching the same old love story, like Titanic, without a boat.  Who cares if they are two men . . . the love story is a typical one, and that why it was so easy for so many to swallow.  This is nothing that Guess Who's Comming to Dinner or West Side Story or Say Anything wasn't, the only thing that makes it worse than those movies . . . it isn't clever of cutting edge or worth the two and a half hours.I give this movie a very vehemet one star!
...it was simply a much better movie. So please, everyone stop analyzing why Brokeback Mountain didn't win. It was overlong, boring, cliched, predictable, and had NO character development.Everyone saw two men in love. I saw two men in lust who had NO REASON to marry and ruin the lives of their wives and children. You saw a beautiful consumation of their love. I saw two men brutally raping each other, loving it, and coming back for more.I'm a gay man. I hated Brokeback Mountain. So did my boyfriend. And I'm very glad Crash beat it for Best Picture. So is he. This was offensive to homosexuals and depicted them as sexual predators. And of course, in Hollywood, all gay men have to be killed off somehow, right? They can't just live normal, happy lives like we do in real life.Please people, see the big picture here. This isn't the great gay love story everyone is making it out to be. It's a Hollywood version of a gay romance that is wrong and offensive. GO CRASH!!!
Short review: Strip away the nice soundtrack and pretty cinematography, and all we have here is an average Lifetime Network weeper with two homosexual men as the leads.But of course, no one will tell you that. Everyone's gushing over how CONTROVERSIAL this film is (it isn't, merely just another pretentious, boring excuse for the Hollywood establishment to pat itself on the back) or how accomplished Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhall's acting is (it isn't, unless you consider constant mumbling profound and affecting in some way). Others rave about Ang Lee's beautiful portrayal of the American West, and it is certainly nice, but merely window dressing.Apparently many are dissappointed that this got turned down from Best Picture, granted instead to the equally manipulative and shallow Crash. Truth is, neither deserved the win. I can think of several 2005 pictures (Munich, Lord Of War, Serenity, A History Of Violence) off the top of my head that were far more watchable and interesting than this steaming, self-congratulatory pile. Of course, as far as "Westerns" go gimme A Fistful Of Dollars or Once Upon A Time In The West any day.
I can't begin to summarize this movie.  The plot was so boring; I can't believe I didn't fall asleep during the film.  I didn't even understand a word Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal were saying.  They were mumbling.  At the beginning of the movie, the setting was beautiful, but as soon as a word was spoken, everything went downhill.  Anne Hathaway played a good part.  Her role progressed as the movie went on.  Yes, there are a couple sex scenes with Gyllenhaal and Ledger, but it was totally pointless.  They weren't even gay in the movie.  They just wanted sex; didn't matter from who.  This movie also stars Linda Cardellini (Velma from Scooby-Doo 1 and 2) and Anna Faris (Scary Movie 1, 2, 3, and now 4).  I couldn't believe it when I saw Anna Faris.  When I saw her I'm like `is that the girl from Scary Movie?'  Same comment for Linda Cardellini.  I really expected more from this movie, but instead I was very disappointed.  I just can't believe this got nominated for an Oscar.
Did anybody honestly believe that BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN was going to win Best Picture at the Academy Awards last month?Come on, this is a business.They may pick films that most of the country will never see but they're not going to pick a controversial film that'll jeapordize any box office revenue.  The media was focused on the hysterical rage of the gay community that flared up when CRASH was announced as the winner but you could also see the collective sigh of relief filling the auditorium when Nicholson called something other than BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN.Despite all the hype and the huge media push, in spite of all the blogs and message boards where gays brag about inflating the box office by seeing the movie a half-dozen times a week (or weekend), I don't think America wants to see this movie.  I live in a blood Red state filled with cowboys and NOT A ONE wanted to see this movie.It's about gay sheepherders.  Or they think they're gay sheepherders, although they keep telling each other they're not.  One wife finds out they're gay...but she doesn't say anything (that's in a perfect world, folks, because I've known wives who found out their husbands were gay and it was a cross between Jerry Springer and Armageddon.  Think about it: would the wives be so understanding if their hubbies were bunking up with a cowgirl?).The movie would've been more interesting if the two cowboys HADN'T been gay but everyone else THOUGHT they were.  They continue on their fishing and riding trips over the years and their families are gossiping and snickering while nothing sexual is happening between them.As it is, re: the fate of these two guys, I was waiting for Monty Python's Church Police to show up and "arrest Society...since society's to blame!"  It's like the Matthew Sheperd crime: nobody cares what someone does, just don't go hitting on drunken rednecks.And I'm still not ready to completely forgive Ang Lee for ruining THE HULK.
After scouring the internet for reviews on this DVD I found one. It said this video is out of date and has no info on recording to mp3 or wav formats but shows how to record to cassette tape. Recording techniques may not change that much so some of the info may still be useful, but I'm steering clear.
A lot of random pages were missing! Made me miss some biology assignments. It is sad that seller didn't say anything about missing pages when more than 30 pages were missing.
I still wish to find and purchase a workable version . So anything you can do to help will be appreciated. Let me know.
Despite being credited to "Lightnin' Hopkins & Friends" only two of the eight tracks on this album feature Lightnin', and they are "Back In My Mother's Arms" and "Chicken Minnie."The other six tracks definitely do not involve Lightnin' Hopkins in any way. "John Hardy" and "Goodnight Irene" are Leadbelly recordings made for Moses Asch in 1943, while "One Meat Ball" and "Sorrow To My Heart" are 1944 recordings by Josh White. The other two -- "Chicka Choca Shalali" and "Blow Out The Candle" are by a white performer who apparently worked under the name of "Irish O'Malley."What a rip-off!This material, together with that on the other four "Lost Texas Tapes" albums, more recently appeared on the Koch 2-CD setThe Little Darlin' Sound of Lightnin' Hopkins: Lightnin' Strikes Twice(see my review there). Another one to avoid!
I bought 1, 2 & 3.  1 and 2 are GREAT if you love romance. I know I will wear them out. 3 Big disappointment. Ordered two copies and both were goof ups. What is on the CD is not what is on the sleeve. Called Collectables to let them know about the pressing mistake. I wanted them to assure me the mistake would be corrected but got no where. Very Disappointing. Hope this will reach Ronnie so he can take matters into his own hands. Would love to have the correct CD.C. BernardPikeville, Tn
I bought this cd a little too fast and did not notice it was from a knock off firm and the resulting recordings are pale imitations of Don's original hits.  This one goes in the trash bin while I seek out the real stuff.
i'm am so sorry, but this just sounds like a pre-teen garage band trying to win here.  now i know i'm not really big on the early 90's thang, it didn't really get good until 'the end of 96, but i listen to punk and  alternative and this isn't it.  this is a carbon-copy of other bands,  someone trying hard to sound like Kurt or Metallica and really just dying.
This band needs to get exposure again. Solid Dixie and band music. Bob's vocals are soothing and do not copy his brother. He just comes across as a nice guy!
Be very careful if you really want this CD.  There is way too much noise to hear the delicacies of the guitar playing.  I can suggest other Titles by other artists in the same style, but with much better recording.
This isn't about the music content but the selling of CD-Rs without informing buyers.  Document's cost cutting at work.  Understandable but not without labeling, then sellers would be obliged to state the as such or answer to the buyer.  Just so you know what you're buying.
The performance is just fine, but Amazon has mis-described the product.  Mozart's Violin Concerto Number 1 is NOT in D Major; it is in B Flat, not D Major.  Violin Concerto No. 1 is B-flat major, K. 207 (1775)).  This CD contains instead the Violin Concerto in D, KV271i, which is probably NOT by Mozart.  See, for example,  [...]
I have seen Stacey spin live many times. He is execellent. This CD however is not. I am not sure what he was trying to do here. It sounds like he did not even try. bab bad bad.
Apparently, there are people who enjoy watching somebody whose shtick is to pretend to be really sincerely trying to perform, but being excruciatingly bad at it.  If that's your thing, then you will find this disc to be very entertaining, because Mr. Hamburger is the least-funny person I've ever heard.If you'd rather listen to something actually funny, I recommend against it.  Strongly.
Let's get to it organ fans; this is sub-standard organ from Big John, and just plain nasty saxophone from little John(Zorn that is).The cover photo tricked me into buying this one. It is not worthy to be mentioned in the same breath as Mr Patton's 60's and 70's work.However, my loss is your gain. I feel it is my duty to warn buyers looking for swinging boogaloo away from this, and towards &quot;Memphis to New York Spirit&quot;, &quot;Blue John&quot; and various others he did under the leadership of Lou Donaldson.If you know about organ music, you will know what I'm talking about.Trust me, I am an organ fanatic.I have hundreds of organ CDs and LPs, I keep this one in a sealed plastic bag so the bad ju-ju does not infect my good stuff.I am serious about that.
Bought this CD as I have other recordings of Deutsche Gramophon and although so far mixed in terms of how pleased I was, decided to go ahead and by this classics. Recording is absolutely horrible and Karajan`s interpretation is not my cup of tea. When I listened to this I started to wonderif they had a single bass playing in the orchestra...Absolutely no fundament, instruments sound mixed like from a poor radio, too soft sound.And to those that would blame my stereo setup - dual Parasound transport/dac + gainclone + diy speakers using Scanspeak Revelator drivers. Sound absolutely incredible on good recordings and absolutely terrible on recordings like this one.
First off, I did not buy this disk from Amazon, but rather directly from DC LaRue's website. Secondly, I have loved DC's music since the days when his tunes were filling the dance floor ("Hot Jungle Drums and Voodoo Rhythm" is my fave), but this is NOT a professionally produced CD.  It arrived in a slim-case with an obviously inkjet-printed insert, and the music itself was burned onto a regular printable blank Sony consumer CD.  As far as the sound quality is concerned, I did a better job transferring these tunes into my Mac directly from 30-year old vinyl than what is being presented here.  No dynamic range, distortion (were they burned from 64-bit mp3s?) and WTF is up with the "click" between each track?  Terribly disappointed with this purchase and I won't be wasting any more money on any of DC's reissues.
Good album spoilt by crude and poor remastering from a worn vinyl source despite claims on the packaging that it's 'From The Original Master Tapes'!!!Disappointing...
Rick Rubin, what the heck did you do?  I have heard that Beggars Banquet  has a different version of this album, before you got your hands on it.  I'm hoping so, and if anyone can find a link to that album let me know.Yes, the metalkids loved this when it came out.  As a fan of Love, to be  completely blunt I hated it.  I think this album is the litmus test for the  Cult.  If you sort-of like it but not really, then head to the back  catalog.  If you love it and think it just rocks out hard, then progress to  the forward catalog.I bought this the day it came out, and was  completely disappointed. The 1 star it does get is for the fact that Love  Removal Machine is a guilty pleasure.  Put it this way, the metalkids in  Camaros loved this album.  I didn't.
PEople give five stars to this album. I'll tell you about the CUlt. This is a band without any substance, a boring pseudo-pop-rock-metal-new wave band, that only tries to copy AC/DC and ZZ Top in this ELECTRIC (which is considered their best album!! Imagine the others!!) Everything here sounds a copy. The singer Astbury is horrible.
Not enough people appreciate fhe beauty of these timeless musicals. I dont believe others will have the lasting effects of The King and I, Carousel, Oklahoma, West Side Story, etc.
This is not Sibelius No.1....in fact I don't know what it is.  The writeup talks about Sanderling........avoid it unless you recognize the music.......
He could NOT sing! nuf said -That being said he was a very nice, yet tortured man.
The money would have been better spent if I had bought porn for my church group!Hate it, hate it.
This product is useless to me.  It is a re-mastering of ancient recordings which are all but inaudible, but it was not presented as such. In addition,it was mis-labeled on the back ('Prokofiev sonata'!).  Someone is not paying attention--a total bust.
Kids...young kids view Amazon. Need I say anymore. I'm shocked this would even be posted. I'll stop shopping here if this foolishness continues.
I agree. there is enough porn out there. I don't want to find it without looking for it..or my kids. CHANGE THE ALBUM COVER. PLEASE !!!
My product never showed up. The delivery service does not have a tracking system in place so I had my money refunded. Amazon and The Community Book Club we very nice about refunding my money. Too bad I can't give a review on the product though....The one star is for customer service.
This item was misrepresented on Amazon marketplace.  It is listed as the soundtrack to the movie "Hackers", but is actually a German collection of classical music.  I don't know if this is some kind of joke being put on people trying to buy this album, but it makes me think twice now about buying CDs through Amazon.
this is my least favorite album of all time by any band in any genre. F
With this CD Con recorded the music but someone else mixed it and it shows. Very different from his other releases and not nearly as rewarding as his own mixed material.
Song structures are nonsense, the sound is overblown, the vocals are pretentious, and the lyrics are sophomoric. Don't be fooled by the Thrill Jockey imprint -- this is not post-rock, it's not innovative, and it's not worth a dime. I can't understand the fan following. To me it seems to be hipster-ism at its worst, liking unpopular stuff just because it's unpopular. I certainly don't get it. To me, this was a waste of [amt](minus the [amt] store credit in trade).
I purchased this DVD That Latin Sound by Edmundo Ros and am very disappointed.  I got it for my son for Father's Day as he enjoys Latin music.  Edmundo Ros's voice was awful.  His voice has totally gone and whilst my son was listening to it, he  said he had to turn it off.I wish there was some way we could listen to some tracks before buying music.
Typical of the crap that came out during that era, this sounded like every other Slaughter/Danger Danger/Ratt/Winger album out there, and they were all crap too. Nothing original in this "hair metal" scene at all.
This CD series does not contain the original versions of these wonderful tracks.  Instead it contains awful remixes/ re-edits.  Don't buy this CD or you will be as irritated as I am.  Prelude is a classic label with some of the best dance tracks of the early 80's....but not these versions!!!
I am generally curious about lesser known and obscure composers, though I will be the first to admit that it is generally far between the forgotten masterpieces - there is nevertheless much good and even excellent music to be found out there, and most of it is at least competent. Really bad composers are rare, but I suppose it is inevitable that some will pop up now and again. Anthony Louis Scarmolin (1890-1969) was an Italian-born, New Jersey-based composer and teacher who seems to have worked outside the major musical environments - little if any of his music was heard in his lifetime, though he appears to have composed a lot (apparently there are 1100 compositions in a Scarmolin trust). He also seems to have had some skills as a teacher. He should rather obviously have stuck with that. He had no skills whatsoever as a composer, and the works on the disc at hand are astonishingly bad - there is not a single interesting idea, and no trace of craftsmanship either. The idea of 1100 Scarmolin compositions is in fact mildly disconcerting.The style, if it can be called a `style', straddles romanticism, impressionism and neo-classicism, and Scarmolin apparently toyed with atonality at some point in his career. Many of the works are melody based, so it is unfortunate that Scarmolin's short-breathed snippets of predictable tunes are as boring, flat, and uninspired as they are. It would perhaps have helped if he knew the first thing about development or harmony, but he clearly doesn't (his harmonic sequences and his counterpoint are as sophisticated as what you'd expect from a child improvising on his first guitar - which is really an apt image for Scarmolin's music in general).I suppose the opening work, a dance from The Caliph, is the least objectionable work on the disc with its slightly nauseating fake orientalism - with castanets - but, oh, how boring it is. The Three Miniatures and Three Preludes, as well as the 1964 prelude that concludes the disc, were orchestrated by John Sichel, so at least the scoring is on a higher level than it is in the other works, but it doesn't really help. The Sunlit Pool is as hideously dusty, flat, brooding and boring, only longer, and the same goes for Invocation. The Variations on a Folk Song suggests that Scarmolin must have known about the existence of musical forms (or maybe he was just parroting titles). It is in any case a pity he didn't know how to employ them. If you have a particularly morbid interest in banality I suppose you could give it a try (and also the subsequent Arioso) but even in that case you would want to avoid the breathtakingly dreadful Concert Piece for trumpet and orchestra, which must surely be one of the most horrid sequences of sounds ever penned with the intention of being `music'.There is nothing the Janacek PO under Joel Eric Suben can do. The playing sounds uninspired, rough and disinterested, but no one would be able to invoke any sense of commitment in music like this - though they could have turned up the speed (which would at least have made the recital shorter). The fault lies squarely with the composer. The engineering is decent but nothing to write home about, though the notes are fairly good. In the end, this is a disaster of a disc, not recommendable under any circumstance. Naxos has done an overall remarkable job with its American Classics series, but I am sad that we get issues like this - and Scarmolin is actually pretty well represented on disc - when there is so much unrecorded music by masterly composers like, say, Henry Kimball Hadley out there.
The song is supposed to be, "He's got the whole world in his hands" - referring to God.  Too bad they couldn't acknowledge that.  Kids don't need to be politically correct, they need to be kids.  They need to learn where these songs came from and how they originally were.  Alternative versions should be just that - alternative.  Given after the child has been exposed to the traditional version.
In the past several years, I have listened to tango from Argentina, Uraguay, Canada, Germany, France, Turkey, Japan, and Denmark.  I like tango. I like to dance.  This is not Argentine-style tango, and it is not even good &quot;ballroom&quot; style tango.  There is a cut on the disk from Juan de Dios Filberto, &quot;Caminito.&quot;  It is okay, but it seems to lack the &quot;soul&quot; and passion that tango usually has.There are two waltzes I like on the disk, &quot;Brasdessous-Brasdessous&quot; and  &quot;Mon Paris.&quot;  For the most part, I do not like this disk and would prefer not to dance to the music on it.  Some time ago, I had reviewed &quot;Tango Vivo - Noches de Buenos Aires,&quot;  and had given it a low rating.  How do we compare &quot;Most Beautiful Tangos, Volume 2&quot; with &quot;Tango Vivo - Noches de Buenos Aires?&quot;  I will tell you - &quot;Tango Vivo - Noches de Buenos Aires&quot; is GOOD tango, tango with passion and feeling. I have changed my rating of &quot;Tango Vivo - Noches de Buenos Aires&quot; by increasing it to the level of &quot;I love it.&quot; However, on the other hand &quot;Most Beautiful Tangos, Volume 2,&quot; is a deep disappointment.  Stick with authentic tango, or stick with groups that love tango. This disk is not for you. I did not like it.
As much as I really want to say something nice and encouraging to support an Asian artiste, it's very hard to say anything except that Shunza does have a good voice.  Other than that, it's hard to understand why anyone would package an album on two different cds with 6 tracks on one and 10 tracks on the other when all 16 tracks could so easily fit on one disc.  Also, the cardinal rule of doing covers is to at the very least sound unique and different enough from the original if not much, much better than it but the 10 cover tracks here are boring and leave you yearning for the original.  The original Shunza penned 5 tracks that remain are interesting as they include both Chinese and English lyrics and in some ways makes up for the mediocre other tracks.  Overall, very forgettable and ordinary.
I have never in my life heard a more unprofessional recording.  High school groups have produced more rhythmical and in-tune recordings than Eton has with this CD.  I am grossly disappointed that a musician of this  poor quality can release his own CD, and I am even more shocked that the  American public cannot hear the difference between music of high quality  and this garbage.  Maybe the American public should reacquaint itself with  good music before writing any more reviews.
Bought it for the song Gloria.  Only song worth listening to, in my opinion.
Sorry, but I find the enthusiastic reviews for this disc totally incomprehensible.This is poorly-selected, poorly-translated, and poorly-sung. There are two other versions in English, both of which are in a different class from this one. Lilian Watson is a fine Eurydice, but the rest of the cast are dull to mediocre (compare Richard Angus's muddy, unfocused delivery of Jupiter to Eric Shilling's clear,witty performance in the 1960 Sadler's Well's highlights recording,or to Richard Suart's in the 1994 complete set from the D'Oyly Carte company). Certainly Eurydice is the heart of the operetta, but a good Eurydice cannot make up for all the other weaknesses. Poorly selected? Several years after the first production, Offenbach expanded the work for production in a larger theater. He was working under the pressures of time and money, and the additions were, with one exception, well below his usual extremely high standard. Most modern productions omit these, except Mercury's song, which is vintage Offenbach. This disc includes them, omitting or shortening better numbers.  If you love Offenbach, as I do, don't bother with this disc. There is a two-CD set of highlights from three operettas, Orpheus, La Belle Helene, and La Vie Parisienne, from the Sadler's Well's Opera. These are from the 60's, but the sound is still crystal-clear. This set is an incredible bargain, with excellent translations and superb singing from all three casts. Alternatively, there is a two-disc complete performance from 1994 by the D'Oyly Carte Opera, with first-class performances of both music and dialogue.(I think you can get this one from amazon.uk.)So buy one of these or, better, splurge on both of them rather than spending money on ENO's inferior version.c
This mic hardly picks up any volume, even if you hold it right to your mouth. If I still had the package I would return it and put the $60 toward a real mic.
I purchased this and shipped to US and finally had it delivered to India in gurgaon. Iam a musician and I desperately wanted a good microphone. I record my violin pieces on my laptop and used an ordinary computer mike for this. But I wanted a more sensitive recording and couldnt believe the dismal output of this mike. The gain was lower than the ordinary mike, it doesnt work at all without the battery, but the sound is tiny and totally unsatisfactory. Unfortunately sony doesnt have good service centres who'll entertain me in delhi and I consider 70 bucks down the drain. :&lt;...
Had this been all rain - like advertised (nowhere does it say music), my rating would have been much better. Ugh, ugh, ugh on the music. This is a MUSIC CD, not a rain strom CD.
Nothing can make up for the CRAPPY audio quality of this CD.Do NOT waste your money on this as I did; even free it's hardly worth the time.I love Hawkwind, and this was a huge dissapointment.The 1 rating is, to me, being generous.
The first song is great. The second song is less great because it is like the first song. The third song... Need I say more. And I like Tammy Wynette, especially when she and George Jones are being repetitious, but, by herself, maybe office music for a Southern divorce lawyer's waiting room.
Other than a few Wynette genuine classics, and a couple great duets with the peerless Mr. George Jones, this collection is the furthest thing from "definitive" I have ever heard.  A version of "Every Breath You Take" with Sting?  This sounds as if Tammy recorded her vocal in Nashville and Sting recorded his vocal at his studio in Italy--which was probably the case.  I couldn't believe my ears.  Absolutely HORRIBLE.  And the hip-hop track that ends the disc?  Please.  This is the most GODAWFUL thing imaginable.  If Tammy was selling out to the big green god this badly in her later days, it's no wonder she's no longer with us.  Don't waste your money on this monumental piece of drek (like I did)!  I think I'll back over it with the car...
This is one of those albums that every band puts out that they should pretend they never made. This is the Rose Tattoo where they sold out. Much like Metallica's black album this is where they lose fans. Do not buy.
I recommend this CD to both Michael Ball fans and possible new fans.This beautiful collection features my favorite song entitled The Rose as one of the 16 classic love songs guaranteed to take your breath away. Michael Ball is absolutely my favorite singer. Mr. Ball is one of the UK's best-loved stage, film and television performers. His stellar career spans over 20 years, taking starring roles in leading West End productions such as Les Miserables and Phantom Of The Opera as well as Broadway shows and international solo tours.
This case was too small for my daughter's 1/2 size acoustic guitar. It came in a Toys'r'Us box and it wasn't until I tried to return it to Toys'r'us that I realized I had paid twice what it was actually worth. The Amazon seller had evidently purchased it from Toys'r'us online, giving his own credit card and billing address but my shipping address, for half of what I paid him. My fault for not doing the research, of course.
This version has been eclipsed by Acid Music 2.0.  The differences between the versions are significant, and it's well worth the extra money to get the latest version.
I strongly recommend you consider a different product, such as Acid Hip Hop, instead. Acid is a more flexible program, with a tempo that is adjustable during the song and with more simultaneous tracks (eJay has only  8), and it also has better samples.I was hoping that the scratch editor  would make this worth using, but it's totally broken. I was totally unable  to get decent sounds out of it, and I *have* been able to get decent  scratching out of other programs.I simply cannot recommend this program  to anyone.
I was disappointed in the CD - it is Ethel singing to a piano and with her powerful voice, she really needs a big band behind her. The songs just sound flat. I love Ethel Merman but this is not the album for a fan.
Those of you genuinely interest in classical Arabic music may be disappointed. After listening to Munir Bashir this sounds superficial.  Instead of following classical maqamat, Shamma introduces conceptual thinking.  If you're interested in something lighter, thematic, you might like it.  For those who don't, go for Bashir, listen to Ahman Ebadi (Persian setar).
I could not even complete installation. There security scheme would not allow me to run on XP. After registering at the 'support' site, I had to email them. They emailed a 'fix' that required elaborate data entry and reading codes of the rim of the CD. After all that hassle, just a message that the 'unlock request had been submittewd' and then nothing. I can't believe that I wasted the money and several hours on what is no more than garbage. The one positive factor was that i got a laugh out of their Sgt Shultz attempts at english on the support site.
I have almost all of the programs.  Well they stopped working and now all the discs are just junk.  Do yourself a big favor and don't buy this or you will regret it big time.  Better to spend more money and find a product that will do more and will not stop working when you try to install it later.  Waste of good money.  Also, you have to buy the discs in order and all of them to get most of the sound pieces to work, so I rest my case when you could just buy one software package and make sure your computer or laptop will support it.
I have a challenge for you, loyal listeners of Andrew MANZE : Try to  listen to these two CDS in one shot !  If you can't, like me, it is, perhaps, for the following reasons :First, the recording. We have to put the volume so loud that wehave, of course, a background sound. So the BIG gamba of LINDEN sound like a hammer. First moment of a great irritability. And its only the beginning of a long and painful  period of frustations.What's the problem with the violin of Manze ? Or what is the problem with MANZE himself ? Has he listened to his work after this recording ? HIS VIOLIN is creaking, acid, strident; it becomes rapidly unbearable; and four about two hours !  A pure moment of torture for my ears !The curious idea to join a gamba to sonatas 1014 and 1015 could have been interesting. But, unfortunately, Manze is so slow, so lazy, so boring with is strident instrument that we want to go elsewere immediately ! For instance , the FAMOUS 1019, first allegro: a complete failure ! Deadly dull! No ZEST, AN INAUDIBLE violin whithout any energy; no excitement there ! And what about the famous preludo of the 1023 ? Manze delivers a dramatic and interminable performance which is, again, extremely boring. Remember its' BAROQUE  music. Why this romanticism ?The rare good moments ? The 1021 is successfully done. The short presto is thrilling. And the 1024 is well executed. That's all...Where is the exuberance of Goebel/Hill on the Archiv label ? Or the excitement of Valetti/Frisch on the Alpha label ?
... i would have walked out at intermission. I can't really guess what Boccherini had in mind for these flute/oboe quintets -- something graceful and evanescent, I'd imagine -- but the current ensemble, the Auryn string quartet plays with blunt indifference to aesthetic delicacy , and the flute of Michael Faust resists any sort of integrated ensemble timbre. It's harsh, shrill, tinny, and breathy throughout, more a signal whistle than a musical instrument. By all means, don't judge the music of Luigi Boccherini on the basis of such an unstylish recording! Get the"Ensemble 415" recording of Boccherini's String Quintets with two violas, released on 'musique d'abord.'
I happen to be a serious Victor Wooten fan. But, I watched a few minutes of this tape in a music store and was, well, bored. It is more or less a tape of Vic's experiences in the studio. Which, to be honest, if you've  ever did studio work, you know can often be like, uh, boringggggg  !They should have taped much more playing and much less talking.  Save your money and buy any one of Vic's other tapes.
How come when someone's soloing the camera shows everyone except the soloist?  Lame.  And Carter's in the vid too much.  I know I'm biased cuz I play bass, but the songs are for Vic's solo album, not Carter's.  It  doesn't matter, Vic does little of the stuff that wows bass players  (triplet thumps/snaps, tapping, etc).  The jams are all blues jams with no  flash from either party and neither of them says anything profound about  playing music.  I expected 'em to be goin' off.  Instead the tv was goin'  off so I could sleep.  Get Victor Wooten at Bass Day 98 &amp;/or Under the  Table &amp; Drumming if you wanna learn how to go off.  Get this one if you  wanna learn how to sleep with your eyes open.  For what the vid cost, it  didn't deliver.
I bought this CD looking for laughs and ended up scratching my head. This CD is *NOT* a comedy CD. There are no jokes; there's not even any talking. And most of all, it's not funny. It's not funny! IT'S NOT FUNNY! Though I have a feeling this joker is laughing at me and anyone else who bought this decidedly non-comic CD.
The interesting album design, the group name and the quotes from Heraclitus and Rousseau made me assume that these guys would at least be interesting.  I was wrong.  For many long stretches of the cd you can't even hear anything, then there is some static, then some acoustic guitar and mumbling, then nothing, then a little more static, then a cover of Moon River comes blasting on.  That's it.  Maybe I should have bought the other cd where everyone is holding their Mao books.I just don't get it.  It makes me nauseous, in a way I haven't felt from listening to a cd since I bought the first Storm & Stress album because it had neat album art as well.  (I knew this was "experimental" coming into it, I just don't follow the experiment.)
Jamelia is an attractive lady, however, her music is overrated.  Her voice is average there is nothing about her vocals that stand out.  I don't know what all the hype is about since I can only conclude it's because she is a black BRITISH female singing R&B; and her sex appeal is the only thing that can carry her.If you really want to get your groove on from British artist I reccommend Floetry, Ms Dynamite (reggeaish), or Craig David.
The same problems of wooden and unimaginative playing that afflict Mr. Zarafiant's vol.1 are present here also. Readers who are patient enough to pursue the issue are referred to my remarks on vol.1-no point in boring readers with repetition. One positive remark: the CD includes the few little pieces composed by Julian Scriabin, the composer's son. It IS interesting to hear these little pieces, and this appears to be their only recording. Believe me, after having been stung by vol.I, this was the ONLY reason I bought the disc!Those seeking a really excellent recording of these pieces should investigate Maria Lettberg's 8-CD set of the piano music on Capriccio--definitely worth seeking out.
So to be fair I bought these for a 2 1/2 year old who LOVES banging anything together and loves to sing and make music. I do not think that these are meant for that purpose even though they seemed like an ideal gift for someone who likes all of those things. They did not make good tones unless banged on a very specific type of surface on a very specific spot. Then the noise was lovely, but it wasn't as though you could bang them randomly and get that same nice tone.So, to be fair, the rating is related to what I thought they would be, and they weren't. I think there are probably some good applications for them, and my sister will be donating them to the music program at the preschool and perhaps they will work well with guidance and know how.So to be clear, the rating is based on my expectation that these would be wonderful musical toys for a two and a half year old. I do not think that is what they are intended for but did not have that information going in, so this is just for those who might be considering these for that purpose.
I just came by this and had to set these reviews straight.  I was dooped into getting this back in the day and its the worst mixed album I've ever herd.  He comes off (BAD) on every mix that straine to go past 32 beats and the tracks arent even that good out side of a few.  The two people who reviewed this have no clue what good is, so please if for some unknown reason u want to get this 10 year old mix DONT.
I was extremely disappointed with this product; I felt very let down by Sony, because for years I bought Sony items with confidence, knowing that anything produced by them would be good and reliable.  This item only goes to prove that Sony's standards have dropped and, as such I will use considerable caution when buying anthing else of theirs.What lets this product down is the lack of distance one can be before the sound breaks up; 2 metres (not 45 metres as stated on the wrapping) was the best I could do, and that was in a straight line.  No, all this item is fit for is the rubbish bin!
I bought this system because it was 900mhz, and I thought the name, Sony, was quality. NOT!The system cuts out and is noisy, even at 10 feet. If the wearer turns, it cuts out. Tried different frequenciesand batteries, did not help. The receiver plug is mono, so plugged into a stereo camcorder, only one channel records.I suggest you look elsewhere for a wireless mike system.
Crap.  Doesn't work.  Wanted to return it but had to go out of town and lost the time period.  Plastic junk, never did get a good signal.  The worst Sony item I've ever purchased -- and I'm a Sony fan.  Will still attempt to return somehow.  Don't even bother.
Don't waste your money on this model, buy the more professional models sony has to offer. This mic was unreliable and distorted on many of my projects.
the sound start cutting and noise start runing my sound even though I'm about 6 ft from the speaker !
This mic gives off as much lint as my dryer.  Don't bother... spend the money on something better.  I'm a wedding videographer and these things just don't cut it with their plastic exteriors.
horrible static noise in recordings. used with digital video cam.  could not get rid of noise, would come and go. tried every recommendation.replaced with an Azden WLX-PRO Lavaliere System which was $40 more, but it worked perfectly all the time in any situation.
I just tested my new Sony WCS-999 wireless microphone on my Canon 60D. The transmitter and receiver are constructed using cheap lightweight plastic and are made in Malaysia. I have three comments:1. The lavalier microphone jack, and the cable that you plug into your camera's audio input are both 3.5mm mini jacks in MONO, instead of STEREO. So if you use a DSLR which records in stereo, like my Canon 60D, the system will record only on one of your two channels. To avoid copying the audio track onto both channels later on you have to go to Radio Shack and buy a mono-to-stereo adapter.2. The system has a useful range of only 15 feet, not 150 feet as Sony claims. And it will absolutely not work around a corner. It's line of sight only.3. The unit has a fair amount of background noise, (hiss).
The quality of the product was poor. There was lot of static and mic was not sensitive enough for a good audio.Given the high price for the quality I got, I would not suggest this product to anyone else.
constant pops and feedback noises.  plus you had to keep line of site up to 8 feet away or no sound whatsoever, and no wind foam mic cover.  Dont get it. I got a audio technica 700 $200 waaaay better.  Its uhf instead of vhf, I think thats why.
Of course, I should have followed my own advice when picking up a couple of this series issued about seven years ago by St. Clair Entertainment Group, Inc. Despite what it says on some of the headers here in Amazon, these are NOT the original recordings. In small print on the back its says "This album contains new stereo recordings performed by the featured artists" and, if you read some of the other reviews for the various entries, the sound quality, not to mention the voices themselves (which, in many instances, were getting a little long in the tooth when they did them) range from horrible to mediocre to barely adequate.Also there are no liner notes nor even a discography of the contents to at least tell you WHEN they were recorded. They are, however, cheap, and if you don't mind re-makes of what were some smash Country hits by some of the best artists ever, then by all means get them.As far as I can determine, the series covered, in addition to Barbara Mandrell: Freddy Fender; Charlie Rich; Waylon Jennings; Buck Owens; Porter Wagoner; Kitty Wells; Lynn Anderson; Willie Nelson; Donna Fargo; Kenny Rogers; Ray Price; Jeannie C. Riley; Lee Greenwood; Roger Miller; Faron Young; David Houston; Johnny Paycheck; and Merle Haggard.
Some say they think Barbara is on this , I say she is not. I consider my self a fan and know most everything she has ever recorded, these have never been by Barbara. Bootleg, they have released this many times under different covers. I have it on tape from 1985.
I was thinking of buying Mixman Studio Pro.  I downloaded their demo version.  I have installed, removed, and reinstalled it 3 times, leaving me with a very poor impression of its reliability.My operating system is Windows 2000.  I installed it and got no errors.  When I tried to run it, it said the EXE had generated errors, and it was quitting.  I deinstalled it, made sure I was not running anything else, and reinstalled it.  It appeared to install OK.  The difference this time was that it said it wanted to reboot.  After rebooting, I tried to run it.  This time it told me it could not find one of its data files, then it gave me the "EXE has generated errors" message again.  I deinstalled it again and installed it again.  It did not say it wanted to reboot the third time.  It did get the same old "EXE has generated errors" error again, though.Very flakey software!  Very poor first impression with MixMan.  I emailed their support about the above-described problems.  Over a week later, they still have not responded.  I DEFINITELY will not be buying any of their products.
this was not at all what I ordered, I recieved a toy not the real instrument. it even said toy on it. In the order it never states this is a toy I actually thought I was ordering the real thing, I wanted to surprise my teenager with it because her friend has one (THE REAL KIND) and she has been playing it with her.  She was insulted when she opened the box and read TOY on it, not at all what she wanted. the title should read toy!
Bought this as a gift for someone who wanted to put the music on an iPod.  CD is not formatted to allow the music to be added to I-tunes.  There is question as to whether it will play in auto CD player as well.
The quality of this is so bad. No matter where I play it, it sounds thin and voices are nothing like the movie. I can play this in my car or home theater, both are fairly high-end.
I was really disappointed in this album, because I really liked the music in the movie. The best track was McClintock's original 1928 version of 'Big Rock Candy Mountain', but I would have been much happier buying a Dr. Demento collection with that on it. The 'Nobody But the Baby' track sung by the sirens seemed better mixed in the movie, which made it more evocative, and that may have been the problem with 'Man of Constant Sorrow' too.
This is about the worst quality CD I have ever purchased. The song titles do not match the recordings. The song Angel Band is so scratchy as to be unlistenable. Indian War Whoop is screwed up badly.
Watched it and wanted the music but it was bad too.  I guess it is just a matter of  opinion
I bought the SMG320 Tray Load CD model, which is a more expensive model that the SMG268, as a Christmas present.  It did not work.  Hence the one star.
If you are sensitive to pitches you will not want this recording of Beethoven's 9th.  Although the soloists are OK, the high notes in the choir pieces are so off it's hard to listen to.  The poor quality of the recording takes some getting use to, but once you get over that the choir comes in. I'm still hunting for something better.
I'm looking for a karaoke that plays cd's with graphics and also plays cassette tapes WITH GRAPHICS. Does the mks5001 do this or do you have any machine that does.Thanks,Myrna
My son was playing with these and within a hour it had cracked and there were lots of tiny metal balls all over the room. The other one broke within a couple of days!!
NO "Hooked" music, just this clown trying to sign Country & Western. What a waste of money. I loved all the other "hooked on Classic" CD's and had looked forward to hearing all my favorte country & western set to that wonderful "Hooked" beat!  So disappointing!
I guess the album is O.K., but I was expecting all instrumental like &quot;South of the Border so I was very disappointed that it was mostly vocal.  My fault for not reading all the info. about this CD before ordering .  I'll know better next time!
Although this is one of the best cycles out there, the remastering job DG did on it does more hurt than help (in my opinion).You get quite a bit of digital edginess throughout it, and a loss of the natural warmth and wonderful bloom from the original recordings.It's very difficult to prove this in a review but if you compare the original recordings to the re-mastered versions, you'll begin to see what I'm saying.Mind you, I love Karajan and his '63 Beethoven cycle (I give it 5 stars!), but I would say, stay with the original recordings in the gold and red box set...plus the packaging is so much more beautiful and is perfect for shelf display!
I Love Gloria and thought this was an album featuring both artists together instead u get six tracks of staney then six of Gloria not together at all and all very badly re issued on cd please dont waste your money as I did
i searched many programs, looking for a simple way to capture my own video from vcr, camera or t.v. and then record it back to the vcr or cd. This isn't the program. I searched the manual (very nice) but it doesn't enabale you to record back to your vcr----so I am returning it.
...then don't try to use it. I've been waiting a month for any response from thier technical support. The documentation is hysterically bad. There are sections describing how to use one's mouse and what &quot;selecting&quot; means, and the rest of it is diabolically confused. There's never any indication of where functions being discussed are found, how to interpret the constantly shifting barrage of hybrid computer hardware/technical recording industry/made-up control name terminology, or... really, anything. It's useless. Several of the keyboard commands don't work, the icons are impossible to interpret, and there's no way to guess what parts of the intricate interface are active and which are merely display. If you have weeks and weeks of time on end, as I do at the moment, to play with it, and are masochistic, like me, then by all means purchase this product.
After being fancied by neighborhood scenes CD I could not resist the temptation to by this portrait 1 by the canadian guitar quartet at once and I did not regret it for one minute. Again a great pleasure gto listen to the Canadian guitar quartet
Installs incorrectly, requires helping program find files it can't locate without active intervention.  Poor interface system; user has to come all the way out of the program instead of going to main menu.  No booklet or other documentation.  I haven't been able to wade through it all, but the instruction program itself seems poorly laid out.  Avoid.
The Product Activation Severs at Voyetra Have Been Disconnected PermanentlySo The Software Cannot Be Activated Or Used Ever. In Fact The Entire VoyetraMusic Software Division Has Been Closed-Out By Turtle Beach And No Longer Exists.So None Of The Software Created By Voyetra Will Work Anymore. So Be Advised.
I am reviewing not the music, but the fact that I did not receive this CD. I have been away for a month, and when I returned, it was not among my mail.
I just wanted to echo what "Music Fan" has already stated in his review above.  I have not listened to this CD, but I found the same thing to be true with another compilation called "1967 Juke Box Hits", and left a similar review there. That CD states "original artists" on it.I don't why somebody would want to go to this much trouble to plagiarize the original songs; but in any event, it is false advertising. Shame on them for this fraud.
I am a big fan of Techno/Trance/Dance music.  It is the bigest part of all my CD colection of approx 1400 of them. When I played these 4 CDs,  I had to force myself to listen to them just once.  They should have named this CD &quot;Goa 2001: WORST of Psychedelic Trance&quot;.  Apparently I don't like psychedelic-trance music.  But i did get my house cleaned up while forcing myself to listen to this awful repetitive music..  !!
The program only supports a few drives. Later Plextors made in the last year are not supported. HP drives are the only later model drives that are supported.  Because of this, I could not produce any CDs unless I exported the WAV files to another program to do the actual burning. The program was also very poor at determining where to set the track markers for the songs. Had to move many of the markers to the correct location. Program has lots of bells and whistles but it does not handle the basics well.
I bought this DVD to accompany the tab book I already have. Whereas tabs are note for note, this DVD presents the BARE SKELETON of the songs. You won't play like Hendrix, you will play a dumbed down version that does not do Hendrix justice. I have the Electric LadyLand DVD and it is way more informative, illustrative, and you play LIKE HENDRIX-NOTE FOR NOTE! I returned this DVD, it's too much money, and the lessons often are shorter than the song they are supposed to "teach." It's horrible....
I own it.  I listen to it.  I've used it in church settings but I cannot recommend it for the casual listener.Underproduced.  In great need of an objective ear when casting vocal talent and mixing music and vocals.  I wanted so much to like this project and I cannot find it within me to do so.Sorry Mr. Wakeman.  Please try again.  I want this to work.
I think that Techno is a good music.  I like the product.  When I listen to the sounds and put them all together, they sound neat. You should buy it.  Games I recommend:  Worms 6, Delux Baseball 2, Hockey 4.0 for Mack, and the first demo disk on Playstation ever.  Buy them.
okay this keyboard does not give you the name of the songs your are playing and the eduation suite is [bad] b/c it doesn't teach you how to play your own songs. in fact you can't even learnto play the songs programed ithe computer b/c the keys go so incredibly fast.
Congratulations MTV...way off the mark. A span of 20 years and you put songs like Watefalls on there? Man, want a trashy compilation. Once again, in the true spirit of MTV....I am ashamed of you.
How to describe what's wrong with this cd.  In a word, everything.  Although MTV took on the uneviable task of trying to jam 20 years' worth of pop onto a 15 track cd, and on sheer song value they do an okay job, it's just not what I expected.  Leaving out key artists, which have been mentioned in other reviews, essentially forgetting about 80s music (I know the fashion was bad, but I have some great childhood memories of the songs), and playing up too much to certain genres (what ever happened to the rock performers of the early to mid-80s??) ruined all chance of me actually buying this &quot;compilation&quot; after listening to a friend's copy for two weeks (hey, I gave it more than one spin, okay?).  I guess it just goes to show how far MTV is falling from the station that once played videos 24/7 and revolutionized the music world, to something that panders only to specific groups at certain times and has the attention span of gnat.Maybe a better idea would have been to release a cd of the performances from the 20th anniversary special that aired on TV-I would have appreciated it, and bought it, since it did have such a great diversity of acts.  At least then I would have Billy Idol's fantastic performance of &quot;Rebel Yell&quot; with Steve Stevens, one of the songs that defined pop/rock/new wave music in the early 80s and got great play. (This, in my opinion, was the best performance of the night--the 40 year old showed the kiddies how to truly *rock* the house).
I've found MP3 Editor to be completely useless. You cannot make a CD from your MP3 files with it and the editing is too limited. I can't even adjust the volume of the whole song easily. Plus, I bought it because it had a rebate which now [I'm being denied] by saying that my receipt was dated outside of the offer, making this software a double ripoff.
BE WARNED! If you think this is a video recording of an orchestral performance, you will be sorely disappointed, as I was. It is merely a SOUNDTRACK of Debussy with pretty travelogue visuals glued on. There are NO VISUALS OF THE ORCHESTRA AT ALL, no shots of musicianly craftsmanship, faces concentrating, skilled fingers plucking, lips on the oboe, etc. -- nothing of that. It is merely a travelogue plus audio CD. You may as well play the CD in your car, while driving through your own visuals. For me this Naxos purchase was a total waste.
I don't recommend this pedal for use with any Casio keyboard. I read all of the reviews, and even after trying all the tricks people recommended the pedal still doesn't work properly. Plugging in with the keyboard off or on, turning off and back on after plugged in, holding the pedal down when turning on...none of it works. It sustains every note unless the pedal is depressed. If you buy it for a Casio, expect to have to return it.
I guess I ordered the wrong one. I have a Sharper Image Keyboard and the pedal does not work. thank you for the prompt service. I can't rate the item because its doesn't work.  Francis McCarthy  P.S. I am pleased with all the other items I have purchased from you
After 3 weeks of using the products, certain modes on the drums did not work.  It has gotten worse since then and is not an issue of batteries.
It is sometimes difficult to find nothing good to say about something, but this is one of those occasions.  Is it Sibelius?What the heck is it? Do these musicians and director hate their compatriot or simply don't care?
I have been plugging away at this darn program for over two days and I still haven't recorded anything! The user's manual is of no use and nothing seems to make sense.  There is seemingly nothing intuitive about this program at all.  Perhaps once I have figured it out, I will feel differently.  But for now I am simply frustrated.  I have no HD recording experience and this seemed like a good way to get into it. I think I was wrong.  I have downloaded trial versions of other Cakewalk products and Sonic Foundry programs.  They seemed to work fine.  So why is this program so rotten?  And then when I try to apply effects, it says I am out of memory.  But I have TONS of memory! I am unable to record onto a second track without recording the first one on to it also, but there is no logical explanation as to why this is happening and how I can resolve it in the user's guide. At this point, I can't recommend this program, which is very disappointing.  Hopefully in time, this will change. But I think you're money would be better spent elsewhere.  Maybe this is why Cakewalk doesn't have a demo version on the site.
I'll keep this short and sweet...  It's a waste of money.  What you get as additional items are lack-luster, nothing out of the ordinary, and in the case of &quot;Aquarium&quot;, incomplete;  you have to buy more fish.  Even the CD Label Maker is rather limited in it's design features.  Far better products out there
This plus pack does not give you your moneys worth.  The fish screen saver only gives you 3 fish.  If you want more you can pay (dollar amount) to upgrade it and have more fish.  The bowling game is only 2 levels.  Then you can pay to get more.  For the price of this software these things should have been included.  There are only 4 themes total.  Aquarium, Da Vinci, Nature and Space.  The same themes from Win98 and ME!  Nothing new!
Microsoft Plus! is more like a Microsoft Dud!  I expected more--a lot more.  Instead of being satisfied, my brand new computer is not functioning as well.  The voice recognition works when there is NO MUSIC PLAYING, but I was reduced to yelling when I listened to my music, not to mention that the program recognized sounds in the music and would stop playing (even when I turned off the background noise feature).  What's more, the games aren't very good--especially the bowling--and I feel like I was ripped off....Microsoft wouldn't be getting their money, then.  The visualizations are not interesting to someone above the age of 9, and my music sounded worse after I switched formats, too.  The themes aren't special, more like cheesy updated versions of what you've seen before.  The fish tank screen saver is good, but you only get 3 fish and have to pay for more.  What's the deal?  You pay for a snazzy new looking Plus!, but get pitiful content, problems, and a bill.  Microsoft Plus!?  I say Microsoft Dud!  Don't waste your money like I did mine.
waste of time and money , there is nothing too special in this product .
This little Microsoft XP add On is a major RIP OFF!!I love the Aquarium screen saver but did they really have to spam us with an added feature offer for an additional [price] you can add 6 more fish to the tank! Please!!!There isn't anything more i can say for it's [amount]price tag but Stay Away!
WARNING: This product is terrible. Support is worse!I bought Windows XP yesterday. It will not load on my system, which is more than adequate to the task. It bails out of install with an error code of 3e6h, and nothing on the Microsoft website tells you what this is about.In addition, the upgrade version I am trying to install has hosed up my Millenium Edition and now I have a whole wonderland of problems.I just spent 45 minutes on HOLD, after finally getting through their front group and being referred to a technician. 45 minutes, and on your own dime yet! And why? Because XP is so fraught with failings that they are swamped with calls!AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE!In a day when we now are beset with worries about anthrax, this is like the electronic version delivered in a box to cause more grief than it is worth.I have been working with computers for years, have upgraded many times, and never had troubles like this.My fond hope is that I can score a refund on money poorly spent on a product that lacks support or value to the average consumer.I only gave this product one star, because there was no option for none at all!
Simply put, this product is much like its predecessor Plus98 (anyone remember that stroke of genius?), with its list of demo programs and practically useless screen savers/"themes". Sure, the CD player was nice if you didn't want to search for a free one that was a prettier and more functional, and who could argue the zip folder utility wasn't cool (when it didn't eat data or crash explorer, that is)?But then, there was that pesky price tag... It was a problem then, and is a problem now. You pay for a suite of programs, which entitles you to some pretty pictures and some flashy screensavers, then some demos (demos are marketing, by the way), and some product "enhancements". Product enhancements are really what should have been included in the original version but weren't for whatever reason. This is a problem. (The Money) for the XP Home Edition, (the money) for PlusXP, which is 2/5 the price of the entire program. Do you receive nearly half the benefits of the plain-jane XP OS out of PlusXP? If you're still in doubt, let's break the thing down into parts:Demos:Imagine paying money to demo a piece of shareware, or to test drive a car, or to go look at a prospective home. Imagine paying money to the taste tester folk proffering the new deli meats on some rainy Sunday at the local supermarket. In the rest of the world, demos are a "try before you buy" not something you should ever have to pay for. Three cheers for Microsoft Marketing. Genius.Non-demo programs:There are, that I can see, only two additions included with PlusXP you can't freely get on the Internet: speaker enhancements and the voice control of Media Player (I'm not going to go into the horror of converting MP3 files into WMA and why it's a Bad Idea). Speaker enhancements should have been included in the OS release since XP is all about the ease and brilliance of it's audio and video handling.  So that leaves Media Player voice control. Nice, but not worth the 2/5 price tag of the entire OS.Fluff:OK, so that's not really fair. But I'm not sure if I would call skins and themes "Art" either. Again, I'm forced to look at benefit compared to cost. Is it worth the (money) for pretty themes and being able to tell Media Player to play your entire collection of Neil Diamond (when just a few mouse clicks will get the same result)?All in all, it's a good marketing strategy and that's it. This isn't a bad thing, but then the review isn't about marketing
This is not worth the money at ALL!!It provides basically no functionally. The audio convertor will only convert your music files to wma(microsofts format) when mp3s are way better. The games are fun for about 2 mintues and you better have a fast system with a desent graphics card. You get a fish bowl screen saver but only 3 fish unless you want to pay for more fish!! The audio plugin for windows media player does nothing and only works for about 5 different brand of speakers. Just not worth the money. If it drops to 10 bucks than it might be worth it but other than that take that 40 bucks and buy more RAM
Total waste of money.  Doesn't do a thing.  Speaker custumization is lame.  Didn't bother to look at the games.  The screensaver that looks like an aquarium was not so bad but after awhile a glitch can be seen in it so that too wont pass as a consolation.
If you like Montovani, you might like this music too!  The musical arrangments are orchestration of Latin music that is best explained as washing a vibrant clothing to the point that it becomes faint and colorless.
The guitar sounded find but they made almost no atempt to fix big paint chips in the finish.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! This was a restored guitar? I think they forgot to restore this one!
I'm always in search of &quot;good&quot; recordings of opera seria.  I have a special interest in composers who have fallen between the cracks of music history and have discovered many gems in my search....Piccini included.  This might have been another, BUT...this performance is a severe disappointment, if not purely for the poor recording quality.  The orchestra is very lack luster and the singing performances are stilted and generic. Do yourself a favor...Miss this one!
UPDATE: Use iTunes instead for ripping CDs to the hard drive. As for audio editing, go pro or download Audacity.OLD REVIEW: Stay A-WAY from this!!Take it from me, a person that's had to put up with this for the last year, you will be sorry if you buy this unstable POS. Pardon my French. Well, now that I have XP and I've updated it with the latest updates from Windows Update, so I have the latest XP, here is what I've experienced:1.) Long launch times. When you click or double click on the AudioStation icon to open/launch it it sits there for about 5-7 minutes with the busy cursor spinning. You can't do anything with it until it wakes up.2.)Installing it was an adventure. A bad one. It will crash on you just before the end of the installation process. I found that you have to install the rest or repair it by using the Add or Remove Programs control panel under the Change or Remove Programs pane.3.) Don't let the "upgrade" from the Voyetra website fool you. It's even more unstable than the previous version. Crashing when you attempt to copy some MP3s off a CD. And this version's hang time is even longer.Until I can find a better MP3/CD-DA player/ripper/burner, I'll have to use the 5.0 version for copying MP3s at a reasonable bit rate. Windows Media Player doesn't even let you rip MP3s unless you buy a seperate MP3 codec. Whatever! So iTunes (which is free) can rip MP3s out of the installer (analogous to out-of-the-box) on a Mac, yet Windows Media Player requires you to buy that feature? Why?Just stay away from this software. Stay away. You'll be sorry you bought it. I sure am.
Too bad that the recording is so awful that you can bearly hear the beautiful singing of del Monaco and Callas.
I haven't even listened through the entire CD. I don't think I can bring myself to spend my time doing so. Where to begin. From the selections I've heard, the chorus sounds incredibly thin and weak, the organ overpowering them on numerous occasions. Part of the blame in that, however, goes to the mix...the choir not getting enough mic to balance out the instruments. That happens too often in chorus/instrument recordings and it drives me batty. The music selections aren't so inspiring either. You would do much better devoting your hard-earned dollars to Eric Whitacre's acappella choral works, or any of his contemporaries.
I bought this Cd, with hope of hearing something ingenious, but i was dissapointed :(  I'm a big fan of many types of music, so i'm not being bias. But there seems to be a lack of energy in this album, it just drags, due to its lack of originality. We have the same effect and mood in each song, that is what makes it a drag.I was first impressed with the beggining of the Song Epoca, but after listening to the song completely, we hear the same rhythm through the whole song, more creativity please. I say this because many reviews praised this album as genius or superb, etc.. and its not. Gotan project is one of those groups who wants to be creative and different. However, there attempts to do this did not happen, there a rules of music, you don't mix tango with whatever they mixed it with? Its okay to do a couple of song, but not the whole album, i know the album is called "La Revancha Del Tango", but it sucks. This is my first time hearing about this band, and its my first cd i bought of them. But i don't like any of the singers voices, its all low out of-tuned and rhaspy, they're not singing. The woman who sings sounds like she carefully singing and working hard to stay in tuned, don't like her voice.Well i'm dissapointed, i want my money back, but its too late to get that, my cheap ass bought this cd in amazon, used, so i'm stuck with it. Hopefully with the rest of these positive reviews someone might buy my Gotan Project Cd.I know this sounds mean, but i have to speak from heart. This is how i feel about wanabbe trendy bands, who think they are not trying too hard, but they are.Sonia
This software has been an extreme disapointment.It's basically a loose bundling of packages from 4 different companies.  No integration, just 5 packages from 4 different companies under one installer.One of the packages wouldn't even install properly.Learningco doesn't seem to have any support for this product anywhere on their web site, nor any updates.The original vendors of the packages won't support them because they're not FULL versions of the included software.  You will, however, run across many opportunities to pay extra to upgrade to supported "full" versions during your quest for help.Junk.
EMI is dead. Prior to its demise, new releases were rare and many of them were wretched 'crossovers' or 'the Forty Two Tenors'. While there is no doubting that EMI was caught up in the train-smash that afflicted the entire industry, in my mind, their decision back in the Eighties and Nineties to underwrite so many of Sir Roger's recordings was contributary. The red ink must have been voluminous.It makes for sombre reading indeed to survey Norrington's EMI corpus (what a word) on Amazon: there was Berlioz, Schubert, Mendelssohn, Romantic Overtures, a ground-zero Bruckner 3, Wagner, Weber, Schumann, Brahms, Haydn and Beethoven. Most of them, the Beethoven aside, lack reviews and with good reason. Mindless iconoclasm, married to scrappy orchestral execution, was never going to reinvigorate the market for EMI. Meanwhile Naxos with a more astute business-plan was cranking up . . .More fool me for having purchased this set. K 543, for instance, is the Abomination of Desolation. The slow introduction - one of the glories of Western Civilisation - is treated as hot-house adjunct to the opening movement. Emotion and grandeur are shunned in favour of pace - and mindlessly so. Insight on the conductor's part is negligible. The orchestral playing throughout is exercrable. The G Minor, for all its madcap adherence to HIP principles, is devoid of genuine punch and dramatic power compared with Lenny.All in all, these are the worst CDs in my entire collection. To bespeak nothing but note-spinning.You can learn from my folly or ape it.
First track some of the instruments saturate the speakers, extremely loud compared to other instruments. I guess the Mikes were too close to them. There is not a single track of the 12 on this CD that sound like Jazz, some sound as if they were warming up or tuning thier instruments, except for the the fact that the whole track sounds that way. This aint jazz, I know Jazz and I like jazz for it is my favorite type of music. Aki should be ashamed to have released this CD with her name on it
I picked up this disc for the Don Fardon version of Indian Reservation. I was very disappointed to find that this was a re-recorded version as are all of the rest of the tracks on this album. Forget this one!
Been playing acoustic guitar for years and got heavy into electric. I thought it would be a good idea to invest in this particular instructional video to learn how to use FX Pedals, different guitars and amps, etc. WHAT I RECVD. INSTEAD was the instuctor Kenn Chipkin (Amazon says nick nolan?)looking like he just got out of bed from a wild night before - maybe even still "high" doing a VERY POOR JOB of trying to go through the different sounds of classic rock. I found the information to be VERY LIMITED and a TOTAL WASTE of my time. Do yourself a favor... LOOK ELSEWHERE for pedal effects & rock guitar sounds info because THIS video doesn't come close!! As always, THANKS for reading my reviews and be well. The WebbMan
I had a ton of problems getting all the programs loaded with XP.  I e-mailed and called Roxio 13 times.  Their service and support ranks dead last.
Sounded like the perfect go between my computer and my HK Receiver.  I LOVE the 7.1 sound I get from the system, but the DAL150 only works with WM 9.0 or earlier.  My computer had 10.0 and won't support DAL150, version 9.0 is no longer available, and there are no updates for DAL150...so pretty much a bust.  It's just hanging under the desk and no way to use it.
BB's performance's are ok; but you will find better somewhere else. As fas as this being an instructional DVD - it is awful; probably doesn't get any worse. I have never EVER felt compelled to write a review of anything until I bought this. If you haven't figured it out yet, do NOT buy it.
On Christmas Eve, I opened the keyboard stand which was to be a special Santa present (with a keyboard) for my autistic son and NO HARDWARE was included. We've tried to contact Casio and they don't respond. Now I see that other people have had the same problem. What's up with Casio?
The first one of these stands came without screws!  The second came without a leg!  After that, Amazon told me they wouldn't send me another and they were discontinuing it because of problems with the boxes coming open in the mail and screws being missing.  Yet months later it is still available here.  If you did order it, look for the screws in the screw holes.  That confused me at first, they put the screws in the holes so you have to unscrew them first instead of in a seperate bag.  That doesn't mean they wont be missing half the time though.  Don't buy this stand!!
The box arrived in good condition except 2 screws were missing so the stand is not too sturdy right now.  after reading through all these previous reviews I don't think I would even waste my time try to contact the Casio service department.
Our box also arrived taped up, with no external protective packaging. One of the 8 screws was missing, and the special screwdriver was missing too.  The Casio customer service number referred me to a Parts Replacement number.  The Parts Replacement number referred me to a local parts distributor.  The local parts distributor number has a constant busy signal (we've dialed it for days).  The next closest parts distributor (1000 miles away) said they don't support Casio products anymore (but Casio had given me their phone number).  The screws are an odd metric measurement that our local hardware store doesn't carry.This has been one big hassle.  It looks like it might be a decent stand once we have the pieces to put it all together, but I recommend that you buy it in a STORE instead of on-line, and check that all the parts are there before you leave.
Looked be be what I was looking for but is not compatible with Windows 7. I will look for a newer version.
note: if i could give it negative stars i would have given a -5!When i got it i thought it would be awesome. I realised the problem right away...When you add tracks to your music library, the tracks are put into alphabetical order. I HATE this. There is no way around it. FOr example: the cd tommy by &quot;the who&quot; has to be played in a certain order for you to understand the story (it's a rock opera if you dind't know) in alphabetical order, it's all messed up. Musicmatch also looks ugly, and is very clunky. I am not a mac person, but i would say that itunes is FAR superior to musicmatch. save yourself the money and download itunes for free. It is SOOOOOOO much better. You'll agree with me if you see both. (trust me)
Sorry for such harsh remarks. I do not wish anyone to go to hell, but sheer anger I have for this daily recordist.Here is why: This is not Sir colin Davis we have known for making superb recordings with BSO or Concertgebouw in mid-60's through mid-80s. What was he on when he recorded the most sublime of musics in Catholic musics of all times? Neither I feel that LSO should be let go easily. Crapy orchestra, crappiest venue (The Barbican Hall). final wrath on the recording engineer/producers of esteem - Tony Faulkner and James Mallinson.Nothing in the work is mentioning worthy, but highest loath. LSO - You have cheated a lot of people with this CD and I for at least will boycott all your recordings that are made on LSO label! Hope that befits my anger I have towards this recording.Here is my suggestion: Go to local library and listen, before you buy this CD (or for that matter any LSO label).
The power supply does not power the casio keyboard it is described to work with - period. I use batteries and do not know how to return the power supply item sent me...  DONT BUY IT - it does not work!!
Tape player did not work at all. Made a nice donation to local thrift shop, but I made sure they knew it did not work properly!
The microphone sound on this machine did not work for me.  The mic was only audible when the mic volume was all the way up, and the master volume was also very high.  But with the master volume so high, the music was so loud that it drowned out the mic, and it was just too loud in general.  I tested the mic in my stereo and it worked fine, so something was wrong with the machine.  I called the Singing Machine customer service and I was told that this is a common complaint with this model, and that they did not think that my machine was any different from any other model 500.  I asked if they got similar complaints with any other model, so that I would know which one to exchange this for, and they said this is the only one that seems to have this defect!  I returned mine to Target, and plan to try another model.  Do NOT buy this machine!
The CD was defective, and cut off before it even got to the piece I bought it to hear.  I had to return it.
This Band is by far the worst representation of Music everknown.  Never have I nor anyone for that matter, have ever beenexposed to such garbage.The bassist is grossly inadequate andobviously should attempt another trade.  Who are these guyskidding?  I heard someone refer to them as &quot;local heros&quot;...yeah,maybe to thier mama's.  It is impossible to get across how badthis album is with any amount of written words.
just a friendly suggestion.  look into getting a mac computer.  its easier, more reliable, and much faster.  i have a 10 gig ipod and a powerbook and the ipod runs PERFECTLY and oh so fast.  just a suggestion to make life easier and much more fun.
Hardly picks up the sound through the MIC input port on the laptop.Tried 2 laptops, this mic simply sucks
This item is terrible!I hate it so much.When i first got it i was so excited, and then i turned it on and BAM, it didnt even have a little bit of volume.seriously?? isn't a microphone soppose to make u louder? i could just hear myself talking, but not with a loud voice.I have good quality speakers, and even with the volume turned up, there was no amplification.
needed a microphone. this sucks. the sound quality is terrible if u connect to ur laptop, u wont be able to record anything bc it sounds so low and poor. only the left side got recorded and was audible. complete garbage.
Ordered this cable on March 13, 2013 and used it a little bit and just turned my amp on now and the cable is not working at all. I cannot recomend this cable at all, It looks nice but just doesn't stand up to any of the other cables I've had. Even the cheapy ones that came with my guitar lasted years and this one quit after 2 months.
Unless you keep the cable completely still this cable will not make a pretty sound. I find it mostly disfunctional
Bought this cable from Amazon and after two days it complitely stoped working.Verified with other cable and it was no problem at all.Very disappointed.Thumbs down on this Fender vintage volt tweed 10 ft cable.
I don't know who said I needed this, but I haven't even had it out of the package, I needed it so little.  However I'm hoping that when I acquire a piano keyboard I will be able to take advantage of having this wire on hand.  Oh well!
I ordered this cable, but it was out of stock. I cannot comment further on it since it never arrived. I will say this: the seller listed it as in-stock until I placed the order and then informed me it was out.
Don't sell things u don't understand. Let us know if u figure out what an ADAT sync and/or guitar cable is.
Lasted for about 6 days in a studio setting before it started shorting out. Take the advice of a musician, buy a quality cable.
It hums, crackles, and I think I'm having problems with my equipment.  As soon as I use any of my other cords then the problem is gone.  Hosa makes some other products that have good value.  But based on my experience I don't recommend this one.
This cable sucks. It has a lot interferences and I need to hold the metal piece to stop the noise. I do not like it. It is annoying
This is a stereo mic cable, 99% of the mics out there are mono , so this and all of the other cables they sell on line do not work on a mono mic, they need to do there homework before sending this useless stuff out...
You get what you pay for on this product. I connected it to my microphone when I got it to test it out. The female end of the XLR won't unplug from my microphone. It's literally stuck. No matter how hard I press the connector button or tug on the cable, I can't remove it.Now, this is okay for me because I will always use this microphone and cable to connect to my handheld voice recorder when I want to have a little more control over the sound I record. (I do this to get air-quality sound that could be played on a radio station.) Since this is my only goal, I don't care that my mic could never be used with anything else ever again. If you have multiple cables that you attach to one mic, though, DO NOT purchase this cable!
I only use this maybe once a week for my home Karaoke setup. Worked great for first few months but now it cuts out 75% of the time while using it. I know its the cord and not the mic because its a high grade mic and when I play with the cord it cuts in and out. I guess for $7 I should have known it wasn't going to work for too long.
I was disappointed in this product.  It was used to plug the mic into the camera I was using but the audio recorded using this connection was very poor and fussy. Only when I used this connected did the audio Turn out poor.
I have a canon t3i and a rode nt1-a mic. This product did not work for me. I had to send it back.
I use my canon vixia hfr20 to film a web series. We shoot in HD and typically have good audio quality. The camera is new and I bought this to use with an external mic of high quality. All I get is a hum. So bad I may have to re-shoot and do ADR putting us behind schedule. If you touch it, it creates a hum. If you let it hang near the camera/tripod it creates a hum, we can lessen it by holding it up in the air (which is ridiculous) but in Final cut, the hum is always there. Don't buy this if you are using it for any pro quality project. I guess you get what you pay for... I bought a cheap audio technica lapel mic for $20 and it gives me better quality then using this adapter.
I ordered this item for use with a dynamic microphone, recording onto my computer for both vocals and a podcast that I co-host. No matter what was attempted, this unit caused an unacceptable amount of white noise. None of the recordings I attempted were salvageable. If you're going to attempt to record to a computer, get a sound board or a preamp/USB unit.
It just doesn't work. The package was opened when I got it and it had a loud humming noise when plugged into both my amp and computer. I didn't even bother returning it. What a waste of money.
I've been using this product for a shotgun microphone; for some reason, the audio, when exported from adobe premiere and played on an iphone, the audio does not come out clear at all, little to no sound is hear.
Worked great until one channel went out after about half a dozen audio assignments. You can hear it cutting in and out when you move the cable at the XLR end. I carry this in a backpack and it's been treated gently. l know you can't expect everything for this price, but a product ought to last longer than four weeks.
See the two images up top on the product...yeah that's how I received mine! Here you go have a broken wire!!! Congrats!
I was excited to use this item to connect a dynamic XLR microphone to my Zoom H1 Handy Portable Digital Recorder, so that I could record from afar using my portable recorder.  However, much to my disappointment, when I was doing a sound check using this connection, there was a terrible loud buzzing noise created.  I tested out various different configurations, and I couldn't come to any conclusion other than the fact that this connector was creating the problem.. I would not recommend this product at all.
I bought a 3 ft and a 10 ft and they are both junk right out of the package. Tried running from a brand new amp insert to a very good dbx compressor/limiter gate and got no sound. I moved the cable at TRS insert end and the tip/ring ends and would have blown something by the loud crackle and pop if I didn't have the volume almost all the way down,. I guess I got what I paid for. Some cable with useless ends on it. Never again!
Not a good purchase. Was advertised as stereo and is mono. Too little of a thing to send back. Not happy though.
Right from the manufactures web site: "This cable is designed to apply a mono signal equally to a mini stereo phone input. It may be used to connect a mixing console to a portable media player, laptop, or similar device"  on the package it states "This cable is designed to sum a stereo signal to a mono phone input. It may be used to connect an iPod, laptop, or similar device to a mixing console."  Pay attention to the direction of the signal flow.  There seems to be some confusion here.The problem is that the cable "sums" the stereo signal by shorting out the positives of the right and left channels (the ring and tip of the stereo jack are directly connected (soldered) together).  This could burnout the stereo output stage of the device, especially if it is not designed to handle shorts.A resistive load must be presented between the positives of the right and left channels in order to sum the two signals together and prevent stereo output stage burnout.The manufactures website presents this cable to be a mono output to a stereo input connect.  The cable is physically manufactured to support this direction of signal flow.  Mono (output) to stereo (input) NOT stereo (output) to mono (input).I would give this cable 5 stars if it were sold as a mono (output) to stereo (input) connect.Manufactures Website URL:[...]Diagram of a properly summed signal:ResistorRight Channel Output Positive (+) -----/\/\/\/\/-----\------- Summed Output Positive (+)/Left Channel Output Positive (+) -----/\/\/\/\/-----Resistor
I used this to Get sound from my looper, its all static behind the voice. piece of garbage. Honestly i am rather disappointed.
Ok so these Cables are good if your in a rush and have a gig and forgot some cables at home. however these things don't last at all. belive me when I say it does not pay to be cheep. If you go with something a bit more Pricey it will be worth it in the long hall.. expectly if you are gigging alot or on tour
The GPP-146 is a one sided crank. It is not the item shown. If you're looking for a connector with two 1/4" jacks -|_ this isn't it. Apparently the manufacturer packaged the item incorrectly and the seller was not at fault. I responded negatively and a bit hastily. The seller has corrected the problem.
Purchased to connect two stomp boxes with offset jacks openings. This would be great if the plugs were at 90 degree angles, which they are not. Since the jacks are crooked on the crank the stomp boxes do no sit flat making it useless. Either the crank is ultimately going to brake from the torch when stepping on the boxes or worse the connectors on the stomp box will be broken.
Does not work good Plugged it into a xlr mic and got nothing but really bad feedback noise. had to cut the new cord and use a guitar jack i already had that works fine. not worth returning for 7 bucks but i did pay 10 for overnight shipping.throw it in the trash and forget about it. Blehhhhh
I was buying a new product, but I got an &#34;open box&#34; item.  The plastic part of the packaging was ripped open, held together on the hardboard by several pieces of scotch tapes.  I felt cheated.  This should be sold as a used item, since clearly someone already took the product out and may have tried jamming it into some incompatible plugs before returning it.  I have the urge to return it, but thought I may keep it if it works.  I really do not want to return something to cause additional waste in the process.  But needless to say I am very upset with this bad &#34;online&#34; experience.
Magix products can only be used at one screen resolution. Are you farsighted? Over 40 years old? I am both, and cannot comfortably view the screen at the resolution required by Magix products. What's worse, you can't scale the Magix screens. You're stuck with using a high resolution, small type look.Ever try to call Magix? There's no one there in support, sales, or service. Even the operator isn't there.Try other products 'til these people come to their senses.
I love this group's early feel-good canadian rock n' roll, but I stumbled onto this album in a music store in the mall. With excitement, I sampled all the songs and to my disappointment, I still can't figure out what the hit was suppose to be.  It's really terrible so don't bother. Just stick to their old stuff. Their 80's stuff rocks!!
I have to disagree with you, there....Hard Knox, was nothing compared to the Knoxville band, SAGE....Hard Knox was a band I remember coming to perform at my high school auditorium....SAGE was a band I saw performing as the opening act for Bon Jovi, Bad Company, Steppenwolf, The Four Horseman, and Peter Frampton....THE best band out of Knoxville during the 80's and 90's was SAGE. Hard Knox couldn't even compare..........
I had asked the salesman at the Best Buys what software would let me record LP's and cassette tapes into my computer for playback and burning to CD's. He sold me this Music Creator 2003 and when I tried to use it it turned out to be a complete waste of my thirty bucks! I kept getting asked to specify a MIDI output and found out it wouldnt accept the one on my VAIO with XP. I was also rudely informed I would have to buy yet another software from 12Tones to get closer to my purpose of buying this in the first place.I am forced to rate it as one star when it actualy earns a minus one.If you want to record your LP's and cassettes into your computer and play them on it or put them on a CD, FORGET this &quot;stuff&quot;!Buy a stand-alone CD recorder!
I'm not a musician, ie, I don't read music very well. I recently joined a choir (I've got a good ear) and bought this program so that I could copy my tenor parts from the scores we sing and listen to them until I got them down pat. I think this program must be directed toward folks who compose using a MIDI interface because it's definitely NOT for folks who want to use music notation. If you get any more complex than 4/4 time the program inserts funny rests, seemingly at random, which can't be removed. You can enter words with the music but it's difficult to line up the words with their proper notes. It's not very happy with notation or accidentals or time changes or key changes. In short, this may be fine for a MIDI composer but you should look elsewhere if you want to "compose" using a staff.
I found the interface confusing and hard to understand as compared to roxio and even windows media player. I was buring some music to cd and the program won't allow you to name tracks!Another problem is data cd burning, you can not erase a cd-rw disk.  I sent an email to customer support and they confirmed the program does not offer the track naming feature and said &quot;we know the erase feature is an important feature and we're working on it for our next revision. Just use the disk erase that came with your computer.&quot;  Well, so now I use windows media player to burn audio cds, and winxp to erase disks, i'm wondering what exactly I am going to use this program for.  Basic data cd burning I get with roxio that came with my xp program.  I suggest writing customer service if you have specific needs to see if their program will do it.  There web site is no help.
Wasted money,too complicated,dont use it anymore
I agree with the other reviewer that the recording is extremely weak.  However, the Italian ensemble is actually a rather strong one.  If you listen to the other recordings of L'Arte dell'Arco, it is quite clear that the ensemble itself is quite good and that Federico Guglielmo is an excellent violinist.  In fact, both the ensemble and Christopher Hogwood have impeccable reputations, but somehow this recording did not work out.  One of the reasons for its weakness is the performance choice.  It was decided to have only instrumentalist play each part.  Therefore, you have these grand concerti played almost as chamber pieces.  This is an interesting choice, but the result is not very effective and, to those who have heard these works before, the result is unnerving.  The choice seemed to affect the players themselves.  There is very little of the creative playing characteristic of Italian violinists although on other recordings these same violinists play quite wonderfully.  The continuo is feeble and in some movements there is a rather frenetic baroque guitar trying to fill in the gaps in the sound (baroque guitar can be used quite effectively as a continuo instrument, but it is not in this recording).  The tempi are incredibly rushed.  The overall sound is tinny and weak.  In short, there is no reason to buy this unless you are really curious to hear what one part per player sounds like.
I bought a pair of these cartridges only to find out that they didn't include needles.  Normally, I wouldn't have a problem with that, but since they are advertised with needles (see picture above), I found this to be a problem.  And like the previous reviewer said, the advertised version comes with a velvet interior which would provide better protection during shipment.  But all I got was some hard plastic and cracked cartridges.  I am now in the middle of fighting for a refund.  Let the buyer beware.
This is the first review I've ever written on Amazon.I am filming a documentary.  Quite simply, the microphone on my camcorder (a Sony PJ260V) is significantly better than the quality of sound from this device.  This wireless system produces ridiculous amounts of hiss and static that nearly made my interviews worthless -- thank goodness I was recording the interviews with a secondary system.  In all cases, I was filming within a distance of 10 feet, and yet I was still experiencing huge amounts of static.I will return the device, and will simply use wired lavalier mikes instead.  If you absolutely must use a wireless system, don't use this one.
Very disappointed.  Fired it up today with connected to the new 3rd gen Creative Vado for a good cheap match up.  Ouch, this wireless system caused all kinds of hiss.  I changed channels in hopes there was some freq interferance; no luck; sounded exactly the same.  So to put the nail in the coffin, I hooked up my NADY UHF 10 receiver.  Huge difference.  The downside is that the NADY has to be plugged into the wall.  The NADY is older so the main suppliers don't seem to have it but this is a link to one on Microphones.com [...] .  Not happy with the Audio-Technica.Audio Technica ATR288W VHF Battery-Powered TwinMic Microphone System
I was using this for a PA system - didn't work at all for that purpose. It didn't pick up the voice when placed on the lapel at all. It had to be next to your mouth - which wasn't possible to set up. It also caused terrible feedback. I sent it back.
Not very impressed. Which is too bad, as I generally like AT equipment. There was a lot of static in the signal and I was picking up a spanish radio station as well. Not what I was hoping for.
This unit worked once, then it was all static, all the time (except when turned off).  I tried different batteries and no luck.  Apparently defective.
I ordered the microphone system to use in a wedding and it arrived just in time. (within projected time of arrival).  The box was opened and within a few minutes the system was up and operating, for about 5 minutes.  While it worked great, after a few minutes I couldn't hear the transmissions from the earphone. I had to purchase a  Sima (not as well designed) unit from Best Buy to use in the wedding. I contacted Amazon and was able to return the unit hassle free.
I purchasd two of these microphones to record conversations during data gathering meetings using a computer. I was using tools such as Camtasia and Audacity. The mics did not pick up enough of the conversation to be useful. I tried four different computers with the same result, they did not meet our requirements. I purchased a more expensive Sony ECM-F01 and it works as described - great! So I am stuck with two mics that don't perform.
I tried it with Audacity on my desk to record my pod-casts and with my Kodak Zi8.  Both pretty weak.  I recorded someone talking with the zi8 as a test.  First with the sony mic and then without it.  First with mic sensitivity levels at normal and then again at max.  The Sony produced much more hiss and was nowhere near the sensitivity of the Zi8's internal mic.  The zi8's mic picked up so much more ambient noise and the voices were so much more robust.  Was really surprised to hear all the positive reviews with the Zi8.
MAYBE functional for a class lecture or deposition ... but unacceptable for any better quality recording.  look for an alternative
I bought this item to go with a Z10 Touch Video.  It was recommended on Amazon and said it went well with this kind of camera.  I bought it new.  However, I didn't get to test it until a couple of months later, too late to return it.  When I tried it, it did not work at all, despite following the directions.  I got worse sound than if I used the camera without it.  Now I'm stuck with a defective product.  What a waste of resources!!!
I bought two of these from "SellingForFun" for $30.96 which sounded a pretty good deal.I have received the Fake item! The quality just sucks! I am very disappointed!
spend a little more money and get a better mic! this one doesn't do what its supposed to do! shop around
I wasn't sure if it would work in a Nomad Jukebox 3, and it didn't.  So, I'm going to be selling it, since it was never used.
I've been using this product for years under XP and liked it. However, when I recently bought a new computer with Windows 7, it wouldn't install. And, apparently, the web site isn't there any more to get some kind of update. It served me well, but it's time to move on to a product that keeps up with the times.
I don't normally leave negative review, but this one is necessary. I purchased this microphone because of all of the glowing reviews. However, this microphone is extremely poor quality. My sound is much better without it. I do not recommend this to anyone who wants to use it for their videos.
I ordered the ATR35S, but the Amazon vendor Beach Camera sent me the ATR3350. My invoice clearly says ATR35S - I guess they either think we are stupid or it does not matter what they send us. Read the reviews - I am not the only person this has happened to!!
Either I got a lemon, or I am the most soft-spoken person on the planet. When I record in GarageBand, even turning the volume up to Max on all settings doesn't help enough. Recording in iMovie HD is nearly inaudible. Recording in iMovie '08 can be made to work if you Normalize the Clip Volume after the fact, but even so, the audio only shows up on the left channel.I guess I'll have to save my money and buy something six times as expensive if I want something that works.
Very disappointed with this mic after reading so many positive reviews.  Clipped to a shirt, even high up, it is not strong enough to get a clear recording.  You have to hold this mic up close to your mouth like a tiny handheld mic to get good clean sound.
I bought this microphone to use with Skype and a set of Bose headphones.  It produces only very faint sound with my Dell Latitude D630 laptop, even with the sensitivity on the sound card up all the way. It could be the battery, but it was the new battery in the package and these generally have a pretty long shelf life. Some other reviews also mention the faint sound. I just did not see them before purchasing the unit.
I do wonder if I just got the same item that has been rated low and returned by others.  I plugged it into the microphone jack and nothing happened.  I asked a friend who had worked with the same product before, and he thought it should have been plug and play.  I returned it and got a Griffin mic instead.
I bought this mic hoping to improve the sound from my video camera, but instead it got considerably worse.  Despite its cute appearance, this mic produces static and little else.  I didn't expect the quality I would get from an expensive mic, but I was hoping that it would at least WORK!  Nothing!!!  Nothing!!! and more Nothing!!!  I waited too long to return it and now it is going in the electronics recycling bin.  You get what you pay for or in this case considerably LESS than what you pay for.
Bought it to plug into my Zoom H2 and it barely picks up anything. Tried plugging it straight into my camera and yet again barely picks up anything. Low quality and waste of money.
Two main comments:First - the package came ripped and taped together - it was obviously used and was missing 2 cables and the instructions. Unfortunately I didn't open it before the return window was over or I would have returned it.Second - it's awful. The sound recorded is soooo quite and there's no way to turn it up. Plus, I need a wireless mic to film yoga videos. The feedback on this thing is horrible. I test it, test it again, test a third time and it seems ok, then I film and there's static and high-pitched whining noises and I have to scrap hours worth of video. I tried troubleshooting it per the instructions on Audio Technica's website, but nothing helps.Maybe I just got sold a returned lemon. Either way DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! It's not worth the hassle. I'm now going to have to buy a super expensive one and hope that it works, though I'm not hopeful after this experience. If anyone has suggestions, please let me know.
The audio is full of noise at times for seemingly no reason.My pre-shoot tests were A-OK (probably because my subject was only a few feet away; long distance tests weren't a luxury), then the wedding began.At first the groom was at the other end of the big church.I had lots of static pops at varying degrees, all of which had constant noise, but that was almost expected at that distance with such a cheap wireless VHF mic.  But then the ceremony began so the subject was only about 30 feet away, and I got static pops and varying degrees of noise off and on (mostly on) throughout the ceremony with an often motionless mic'd groom.  It was a miracle that the vows came out ok (acceptable low noise), because that was really the only moment where I absolutely needed the wireless mic.  When there is no noise (very close quarters) the R35 mic provides acceptable audio but definitely not professional grade quality.  I guess there are other more expensive Pro88 models available with a better mic, however the whole point of going wireless is the freedom to have good, clean, consistent audio of a roaming subject.  This wireless mic system doesn't provide that with any amount of reliability.  With the amazing achievements in affordable wireless technology like cell phones, wireless Internet, and blue tooth...how the hell are we still stuck with cr@ptacular low cost wireless solutions?  It's like that bad Steven Seagal movie "Fire Down Below" where at the end he goes on a preachy tirade about government suppressed technology that can get 100 miles to the gallon of gas.  What's this conspiracy suppressing high quality, wireless microphone technology.  You can buy low cost, HIGH quality video camcorders that destroy the equivalent prosumer technology a decade earlier. Why can't we get such achievements in wireless audio?  Or even wired audio for that matter.  It shouldn't cost an arm and a leg to buy goood audio equipment.I cannot recommend this product.  However, I don't have a quality low cost alternative to recommend either.  There's the Azden WLX-pro/WMS-pro, but I read negative reviews for that product too.  It seems that with these cheap wireless mic reviews, when it rains it pours on the negative results.
I work at a college radio station, and we just ordered a pair of these cd players to replace some denons. to be succinct: they suck. they cannot handle burned cds at all, and they'll skip at the slightest scratch. My ten buck discman has better compatability than this POS. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
M-Audio has turned its back on its customers and has refused to release updated drivers for the Vista 64 bit system.  Even though they have released 2 different version of 64 bit drivers for MAC OS 10.Snip from the support forums:M-Audio Tech SupportThere are not going to be Vista 64-bit MIDI drivers.End snip.M-Audio has left us high and dry with a pricey paperweight; and is expecting the public to buy a newer version of the keyboard.  Well I may very well buy a new one, but it will not form M-Audio. Not now, not ever.
This is not a 5-channel mixer. Pioneer DJM-600 is a 4-channel mixer. The 5th slider is for master volume. Don't try to fool people here with this fake listing and suspicious reviews of it.
As the other reviewers have mentioned - Great idea - poor execution... the device is so buggy that it's almost unusable. I watch my kids just "get" the iPad from the first moment they picked it up - I had never used a different tablet until we got this.. wow - you immediately notice the difference. This device isn't worth buying - save your $$ and get an iPad, Kindle fire or similar - too bad.
The sound is very balanced but I got hum on the left channel, first I thought it was a grounding issue, but since I replaced the cart for the one I had mounted before, I noticed the hum  was out.think about it before you buy it
Echoing other in terms of poor QC.  Mine arrived with a dead right channel.  (I confirmed the wiring, and headshell with multi/ohm-meter).  The dynamic stabilizer brush on mine was also cut crooked and seemed to lack proper re-bound.I bought this to actually do a vintage setup and compare in a head to head shoot out with my AT 440mla.  Looks like no shoot out unless I gamble and buy a 2nd one.Also, the packaging.  While seemingly cool, the cartridge is jammed down in the foam pretty good, making it scary to pull out.  It also simply seems wasteful since you really won't reuse it to store the cartridge given the cram it in.
I purchased this as a low-cost but acceptable substitute for a 1980's Shure cartridge. I'm extremely sorry I wasted money on this terrible piece of junk. It is nothing like any vintage Shure cartridge. This cartridge will not track at the specified tracking weight. It lays too low and the body of the cartridge scrapes the record. Yes!,  the tracking weight has been set to specs using two highly accurate digital scales.Avoid this cartridge. It is not &#34;audiophile&#34; as it says on the box. It is JUNK and I'm sincerely disappointed.
I guess that for those people that wrote rave reviews, they must be either sellers of this good trying to artificially boost sales, or lucky enough to have received a good batch at a time when quality inspectors were on the job. Shure sells this same cartridge for $160 (more than double the price at Amazon!!) with a year warranty only if you but from their website at that inflated price. According to Shure, this is their current top of the line catridge, and so I bought from Amazon. I wish I could have given this unit a rave review, but I never got to enjoy either of the 2 catridges they sent me as one had a bent needle, and the other was improperly balanced: the left channel played louder than the right. Clearly we have a quality problem here. I did not believe the few negative reviews, and I guess i should have done further research on this unit before purchasing, as in a few independent professional reviewers for audiophile websites do mention that there is a quality problem from the factory, as the needles are incorrectly mounted at the tip of the shaft. I got a refund. And it is a pity as I am sure this cartridge would have been a good budget unit for playing my older records. Now I will stay away from Shure, and buy a more expensive Audio Technica, where at least I know it won't be DOA.
To the reviewer from Moscow, ID. - who wants to buy a software application and then have to come back to Amazon and buy extra books written by third party users in order to understand how to use the software? Well the answer is nobody - except Amazon.And to say that Finale is the gold standard for profesionals is absurd. I am a professional copyist and I much prefer to use Sibelius. I only use Finale when required (I am an expert on both). And when I get Finale files from clients - the first thing I do is import them into Sibelius. Most of the publishers I deal with feel the same way.
This is  NOT  the  Michel Sardou DVD  , it  is the  Johnny  Hallyday  Karaoke DVD,  be aware.  Wrong Title ,  but Right Picture
I wouldn't recommend this microphone for one simple reason - there is no light to indicate power.  That means you have no way of knowing whether the battery is dead, which means you could shoot an hour of footage then learn later that the mic was dead the whole time.  And it's VERY easy for the mic to get switched from OFF to ON and back again in your camera bag so even if you just put in a new battery yesterday you have no way of knowing if it's good today.
The microphone had a loud hum with the playback. I found it unacceptable for my purposes.
Tried this device on the DVX-100B, and no matter how high I would adjust the gains, it just picked up very faint wispers of sound. At this point I thought maybe the problem was in the XLR adapter I used, but when plugged into my computer and laptop, I got the same results. Device was on, used 2 different new batteries... Nothing. I've used various mics before like Azden, so I think I have a decent understanding on how these should perform, and the pickup on these mics are almost nil.
Terrible mic; it is not stereo and has only a mini jack so no chance of duplicating both channels. Typically, they don't state this in the tech specs. And the single channel sound is not that great Don't buy it. Buyer beware. -A waste of money.
Changed batteries, tried multiple devices, worked alone and with groups. Never recorded a darned thing. Sitting in my closet, collecting dust.
Perhaps this would work well in an area with alot of noise, such as a sports game, but I wouldn't recommend this for any other reason.  In fact, I returned this mic because it wasn't as good as my Panasonic GS180's internal stereo mic. I did identical tests with this mic, and with my camcorder's mic.The Atr55 did pick up better on voice clarity and depth when in close range, but it brought in too much outside/ambient noise, and the cable makes alot of noise!  It's hard not to rub against the cable with your fingers when it's mounted on a small camcorder.The Bottom Line: you may want to do research on a more expensive mic like the Rode Videomic, I hear it's great, yet haven't tried it yet.  I guess you get what you pay for.
these headphones have extreme bass, more than i would want. Even when i turn the bass all the way down on whatever i have them plugged into they still overpower the rest of the music. That and they broke within a week of getting them. waste of 30 bucks
These are the worst headphones ever! I bought them at radio shack for $52 and they are going back first thig tomorrow.
but sent this item back because of the CAPROP65 WARNING emailed to me by Amazon after it shipped.....I suspect I have a lot of CAPROP65 items in my home that I do not know about... but I don't need to add another.
hey i buy my cables from amazon/monopricebut not xlr cablesburned too many timesthis thing has no warrantymine stopped working in a month, loose connectionsstick to monster, their xlr cables are on sale in guitar center:(
I have a GoPro 3 and was hoping to get better sound quality with the Azden.  Mistake!  No difference between the sound quality and the internal microphone.  I'm disappointed that Amazon would offer this product.
There is way too much hiss, I expected no hiss for this price. I would recommend one with an XLR conector.
I purchased this wireless lav to go with my existing AZDEN wireless lav & receiver.  When operating with only one lav at a time this works fine, HOWEVER when BOTH lavs are on the same channel at once, there is horrible interference thus rendering them both useless.  I performed several tests, using both channels in multiple environments, and came to the conclusion that recording from two wireless lavs simultaneously using this equipment is completely flawed.  Therefore, there is no reason in purchasing this product if you plan to use it with an additional wireless lav.
this is stupid product. after using it for month and half its having a lot of issues. don't waste your money on it
this is a total piece of crap , within 10 days the microphone added a buzz sound that just cant be removed , a total waste of time ,very poor product.
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!This was a complete waste of money.  Yes, it picks up sound, but the feedback is horrible.  I read so many reviews on the Azden WMS-PRO that were positive I decided to go for it. A day later it arrived and I excitedly began putting it to the test.  Even in a quiet studio, the feedback hissing is unbearable to me.  Perhaps my opinion of good quality sound differs from most or maybe my head's in the clouds with a ridiculous standard for quality, but how anyone can believe this is good quality baffles my mind.This has set me back, and screwed the timeline on a documentary I'm filming since I consider it unusable.  I have shotgun microphones and an assortment of others, but I needed this for a few specific shots.  Back to the drawing board...and the bank.Yes, the price should have been an indicator, but the reviews lured me in against my better judgement.If you are in doubt, let me be the voice of reason.  Stay away from this particular model if feedback is a concern of yours.
No no no. It's horrible. I bough this for my friend as a gift for his Birthday and he always wanted to do public prank. If your are buying this for recording from a long rage don't. Save your money and get a Sennheiser's wireless mic.
I know that this not a $300 or $600 dollar mic set, and I wasn't expecting that kind of quality from a $160 wireless microphone set. I read the reviews and thought this would be a quality replacement for the $50 "eBay" wireless mics I was using. I was videotaping a conference, and my cheap mics were getting a lot of interference from various sources such as all the cell phones in the audience (you could hear the occasional tones from the GPRS signals). So I ordered this Azden WMS-PRO set.When I opened the package I was in shock - PLASTIC! The hand held mic was junk plastic, just like the stuff you would find at the dollar store. I have a drawer of this China junk I don't use. And the transmitter and receiver were cheap plastic to match. Seriously? $160 for cheap plastic?OK, this thing had good reviews, someone must have thought this was a good deal so I tried it out.Setting it up was easy, just be careful not to break off the battery doors or this set become worthless. The cheap plastic hinges are a serious liability.The cheap plastic EX-413 handheld mics is junk. You have to hold it in front of your mouth for it to work. And the lav mic wasn't much better.Doing a sound test in my living room the sound kept cutting out about 50% of the time. I mean the transmitter and receiver were literally 15 feet apart and this thing couldn't maintain reception. Plus the belt clip on the transmitter is (what else?) glued on cheap plastic that I was afraid would break off.Fortunately, I had time to order a Audio-Technica mic and have it delivered overnight shipping. It was $30 less, and was of a higher quality manufacturing, and worked flawlessly both in testing, and at the conference.EVALUATION: Cheap plastic, poor construction, poor performance.RATING: DO NOT BUY
When it arrived I realized it was not going to meet the need that we had.  Also, I want to return it, but there was no information on how to do that.
We tried to use it for more professional sound on short video clips. Didn't work after extensive testing and we send it back. it is only good if you want ANY sound (no quality). I could see a realtor presenting a property while somebody is taping 60 feet away...
Like some others, the mic system I received was completely unusable. It appears that other people are getting ones which work fine for the price while plenty of others share a problem with the mic being unable to pick-up sound from a reasonably distance without screaming into it. I think we can safely chalk it up to a build quality issue because the product isn't consistent.
I must confess that I find Tureck's reputation problematic, and nowhere more so than in her interpretations of these wondeful pieces. Now, let's be clear - there are many ways in which a creative artist can interpret Bach's 48 and many ways of giving pleasure to the listener. Tureck's, in my view, is not one of them. First - she has very outdated ideas about ornamentation in a way that often spoil the musical line. He staccato is incredible irritating (unlike Glenn Gould's) at times picking or pecking at the notes in a really mechanical way. Her approach to several of the fugues sends my heart to the bottom. Heavy, plodding. If you like Bach's 48 monumental, try Barenboim's wonderful version; if you like them clearly articulated and beautifully lucid your may try Andras Schiff; if you like them played the old fashioned way but without Tureck's irritating qualities try Nikolaeva; my overall preferred version remains the spiritually uplifting and totally committed version by Sviatoslav Richter - he reaches the heights.
This isn't a bad video but I opted for the "buy it with this" Amazon and didn't realize it was a compilation of the other video I had just bought. The other two into one video is  more informative and comes with tab. Do youself a favor and buy the video that has both original videos on it.
Hosa Cable D5S6 Deoxit Contact Cleaner Spray personally I think it's overpriced because I can't tell it does anything. I have also tried CRC QD Plastic Safe Liquid Contact Cleaner with the same results. I have used these cleaners on battery car terminals and other types of battery corrosion. I even took apart switches that had poor contact problems strayed them for days and could not even wipe off the offending film problem on the contacts with a cloth. I have not found any use for them yet but still trying till the cans are empty.
This is not Dave Matthews, this is DAVID Matthews, big band artist, apparently from Japan.  Amazon is wrong in confusing these musicians.
While the music is great, the performer was great,  I was very disappointed in the poorest of poor sound quality.  Although these were early 20th century recordings, I expected (even if unrealisticly), modern techies to do at  the very least, a passable job.  As this was not the case, I should have been forewarned.  As this was not the case, I felt cheated.
After giving us a great mono version of this work (even with HUGE cuts, that are completely unnecessary) with the Leningrad orchestra on DG, Sanderling proves that lightning does not strike twice in the same place.This is so slow, I almost thought someone opened the score to Parsifal on the desk for the conductor.Don't waste your money on this turkey. I sold my copy for used and will not miss the misery it gave me... UGH
My beef is not with Amazon's shipper, which was fine. The CD itself -- in particular, the Koppel recording -- is by a group that seems to have played a few extra measures and otherwise plays with little rhythmic consistency.
I have worked with this software program and others from Adventus extensively, but am actively seeking a replacement in my studio. Installation and set-up does not work well for most of my students. Tech support is not nearly as helpful as they advertise, in fact usually they just get defensive when you tell them what isn't working. Theory Thinker lessons are boring and move much too quickly for most children. Theory games are lacking to say the least. The picture is stuck in a little square box, has not been adjusted for widescreens. There is a latency issue that costs significant $ to overcome, no matter what sound card you use. Finger numberings are given over every note of each song, and often the finger numbers are wrong. They have changed a few notes here and there in classical pieces to get around copyrights. Composer's Corner is frustrating to use. Do yourself a favor and pick some different software. Children's Music Journey from the same company is much better for young children, I have used it with many children with success: better games, sequential lessons, nice graphics, but still with installations issues, glitches here and there and even greater latency issues.
Software doesn't work on Vista or Windows 7. Installed update 2.9 and still didn't work. The software will sometimes install but not Run. The Keyboard Wizard operates. But that's it. Works on Windows XP but it has a lot of quirks and buggy system errors and stalls. Sometimes while installing you would get "theory video will not open" and the software will not install or crash.It seems like a good program judging from the videos online, but if you are a novice at computers, don't waste your money. If you try to email customer support for help, you will only get a basic auto suggestion on how to fix the problems.
The program looks good, is easy to add notation and setup score once you know what you're doing.  The most serious warning I have is you can lose A LOT of time and effort with this program.  The "redraw" painter button (or F5) are absolutely not help to fixing the repeated crashes I've experience with this program.  After putting in just 20 measures of a new score, measure 5 developed some sort of bug that makes the entire program crashes if you attempt to make "ANY" change to the measure.  There are no instructions as to how to fix a corruption in an individual measure and attempting to erase the measure in no good because, once again, anything you do will crash the program.I'm not even certain I want to start over, and I had such great hopes for this program when I started; my advice is to seek out a more reliably stable program!
I remember seeing this, but I guess I never learned cuz I have no recollection of ever using this product... I gave it one star cuz I never learned how to play guitar. It's easier to blame the computer program for my failure! :P
The tracks on this CD must have been copied from very old vinyl recordings, with no effort expended in order to clean up or remaster the songs. The result is some pretty poor quality recordings. And to make it worse, they pushed the record level on this CD to make up for the poor quality of the originals, and the result is horrible, unpleasant to listen to, and grating at times.
I will not comment on the product-I never received the product.  Order confirmed on 3-13-11.  After a few weeks, I was told there would be a delay and asked if I still wanted the product.  I said yes at that point even though it was delayed. I was aware that Amazon would cancel the order if it was not fulfilled within a month.Just before that deadline, the supplier confirmed the order so that Amazon would not cancel. I waited another 10 days or so and contacted the supplier-they still could not fulfill the order and on 4-22-11 indicated they would give me a credit on my credit card.  What really angered me was that all this time it remained on Amazon as if in stock and available.  I guess they were looking for another customer to hose. This entire transaction was just unacceptable. I have ordered many times from Amazon but this was the absolute worst.
This item will not work if you have a Yamaha keyboard. The people at the company were very nice to deal with but their product just won't work with a Yamaha keyboard. There was a constant low humming noise that showed up at a low note on the music notation software I use
Doesn't work with Yamaha keyboards, including my P140. Waste of time. The new driver on their website isn't helpful, either.
This thing never worked right, but I always thought some other part of the rig was causing the problem.  Sometimes it worked right for a couple minutes, but then always glitched out, held notes randomly forever, and was generally unusable, so I just kept setting it aside.  Finally ran a diagnostic program on its output, found that it's defective.Tried to get support, but M-audio's parent inMusic was nasty to deal with, and they only offer a year of warranty support in any case.  I'm going to upgrade my gear, and from this point on, no M-Audio for me!  With the amount of one-star reviews for this, there's obviously a problem.  Support means a lot to me, so I'll be avoiding all of inMusic's brands:AIR | Akai Professional | Alesis | &#9650;lto Professional | Denon DJ | Denon Professional | ION Audio | M-Audio | Marantz Professional | MixMeister | Numark | SONiVOX*Good luck!
As others have experienced, I too was unable to get this to work with my keyboard, a Yamaha PSR-292. I am pretty computer savvy.  I returned it and purchased another brand (an emagic mt4...which is discontinued so the price was good) and it works flawlessly, so it is not my computer or keyboard that was the problem.  It was the Midisport Uno.
I actually got this to work with my Yamaha P-80, but I paid dearly for it.I'm running Windows XP and during the driver installation, I got the "...has not passed Windows Logo testing to verify its compatability with Windows XP" message.OK, the next paragraph was really scary - "Continuing your installation of this software may impair or destabalize the correct operation of your system either immediately or in the future. Microsoft strongly recommends that you stop this installation now and contact the hardware vendor for software that has passed Windows Logo testing."M-Audio's user guide ACTUALLY INSTRUCTS you to click the "Continue Anyway" button, so instead of stopping the install and returning this item for a refund, I trusted them and continued the install (you actually get warned twice not to install). BIG MISTAKE!After the install, I found out my Email and Internet services were not working. Somehow, the Midisport installation managed to turn off my Broadcom network adapter, and if I hadn't had the help of AT&T; tech support, I would have concluded that I had a hardware problem with my Ethernet connection. Don't know yet if anything else got messed up.As an added bonus, there's also a warning sticker hidden inside the package advising you, for reasons I won't even get into, to wash your hands after handling the product. I am not making this up.I have never had this type of problem installing a USB device, and I have about 6 of them.Avoid, unless you can take the risk.
Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't. What good is an unpredictable MIDI interface? Downloaded the driver onto my new Windows 7 computer and began my frustrations and dissappointments. I used a MIDI controller keyboard and a Yamaha PSR-292 with no lasting success.
As long as it's working, it's fine. But they will stop working without warning, leading me to replace all 8 of them with more reliable interfaces. I have not had any problems with other M-Audio MIDI interfaces, but I won't be buying any more of this model.
I bought this interface to record my Yamaha Drum DTXpress III on my PC (Windows XP) using Magix Music Maker and Quartz Audio Master.  I have to follow instruction of one of the reviewer here (Araki) to install the UNO  correctly.  But, then I was not able to record myself using the two software specify above.  So I spent time reading their Help Guide and do google search in an attempt to understand MIDI, sequencer, etc.  I download Midi-ox to see if commands was sent when i hit a drum trigger. Midi-ox confirm that USB uno is working. But... why the software didn't recieve the commands  (no MIDI notes appears on the editor screen and the volume gauge stay at zero). It did one week that i got the UNO and i'm still not able to use it well.  Maybe i'm dumb!  For all this trooble, if i had know... i had not purchase it.
I'm trying to hook up my Yamaha P120 with my PC.I've spend about 3 hours now, tried about 10 differentvariations of installation method including deletingall the USB drivers on my PC...Still can't get it to work.Not sure if I got the lemon product or if I'm doing something wrong...It drives me mad now..What I like about?  nice long USB cable that is plug and play.. only If it works!!Well.. trying to think of other ways to get it to work...Sent the tech support mail today.. If I don't get the resultback tomorrow.. the one star will stay...Well got it working in 10 second by exchanging it...dang... 5 hours wasted... and it was all because of a defective item.Hate you ... whoever inspected this item...Well, the sh*ts happens...It seems like a good product..Leason learned:1. don't spent too much time trouble shooting a modern day devices that are suppose to be a plug and play.2. Guitar Center, well sometimes, sell a defective product (I think what I bought was someone's return)...But anyway, they are nice folks, I'll continue to use Guitar Center. This is an isolated incident.Well.. would like to change the stars to 4 but don't know how..So here it is * * * *
If you have Windows Vista or Windows 7 chances are it will NOT work.  The company is still in the process of developing drivers that work and it is completely hit or miss (MOSTLY MISS!)The Uno was developed for XP and works for that system.Beware - check out the forum and judge for yourself.According to the M-Audio website, my uno should just connect to my Vista 64 bit OS without ANY needed driver.Needless to say it DID NOT WORK.  Even trying 32 bit drivers did not work.  Completely frustrating. NOT RECOMMENDED.UPDATE:I ordered a generic "USB MIDI Cable Converter" PC for Windows Vista by HDE from Amazon at 1/10 the price! According to several reviewers it works for Vista 32 and 64 bit! It worked for me on a Vista 64 bit system out of the box without a problem.  I am using Band in the Box 2004. Now why can't M-Audio do the same?
I was soo excited when I got the cable! But when I installed it on my PC, an alert box opened up saying that the driver was not fully compatible with Microsoft Windows XP...even though on the package it says it is...your product might not be...I brought up the Micro.Windows Help window and it said to make sure that the packaging has the Microsoft ceal saying that the product was tested with Microsoft Windows XP...and well the package didnt...now I'm going to have to look for another cable....
After trying to get this to work for hours, I discovered that this was just sending random messages to my computer. Later I  read that this does not work with yamaha keyboards. Very disappointed.
Seems that M-Audio only updates their drivers for the high-end products. So far there is nothing for Windows 7. Buy the Cakewalk UM-G1 instead.
After countless posts and tickets opened with M-audio technical support I went out and bought a Roland EM-2ex.  All the issues I was experiencing (random notes playing, device not recognized, etc) are a thing of the past.  The only thing that really bothers me is that I spent around $50, and could have returned the product for a refund if I hadn't spent time trying to get it to work (as the M-audio technician said it would).The last update to my technical case was the technician saying that this unit did in fact not work with my akai ewi, and I should instead go out and buy a 1x1.  The uno seems to work fine for some, but if you are one of the unlucky few, good luck getting any kind of support or firmware update.  I would recommend you avoid at all cost.
I have had mine for a couple of years now. I am constantly having to install drivers. Under XP I would have to reinstall the drivers if I plugged it into a different USB port. Under Vista it doesn't work if I have it plugged in when I boot. If I leave it plugged in when I start up then I  have to unplug it, restart, and then plug it back in.
There is absolutely nothing positive I can say about these cables. They just don't work. My wife bought 4 of them so I could set up a lab for her with computers using Piano Marvel software being connected to digital pianos. Drivers from the included CD didn't work properly so I downloaded drivers from their website. Occasionally I could get the drivers to install and see the cable, but the cable wouldn't register a signal from the connected digital pianos. In the rare moments that I got it to work, restarting the computer would end all that as I'd have to go through a long, arduous process of trying to get the cable to work again. I tried with Windows XP Pro, Windows Vista x64, Windows 7 x64, and Windows 7 x86. I'm an IT professional so I have access to a lot of machines and operating systems. These cables are complete garbage and I implore you to stay away instead of wasting your time and money.The guy at the music store insisted that the cables worked great with his Mac, and I've noticed Mac users here being happy, so if you NEVER intend to use it with anything, but a Mac, you MIGHT be safe.In the end, I just went and bought the absolute cheapest generic Midi to USB cables available on Amazon and they worked perfectly. I recommend others do the same. You can buy 8 of the cheap cables for the cost of just one of this crappy cable and those things actually work.
No where on this disc cover does it say that this is not the original soundtrack.  It is not until you open it that you find that out, which I think is very misleading.  I wish I could give this a negative number.
I am totally dissapointed with this CD it says "Canta Como" that means "sing like" but the CD does not shows the lyrics in the screen.  Aarrrrggghhhh!! I cant return all the CDS I bought (15) Its not even worth it! dont buy any of these ever!!!
Acid Pro 4.0 has a lot of functionality and I have enjoyed using what little portions of it I can. However, I give the product 1 star because it does not come with an adequate user's manual. It has an extremely light weight 10 page "guide" that isn't worth the paper it's written on. There was a huge user manual published but Sony has discontinued it, and I can't seem to find one. If you've already used the program, you'll be ok. Otherwise, stick with Acid, the non-pro version. Having all the functionality and not being able to harness it stinks. :(
Don't be fooled by false advertising. The picture shows a Shure. What you get is a poor quality copy that sounds like S___.
I used to use Encore, which was great, but the publisher went out of business and my old version wouldn't run on Win XP. So I bought Finale Guitar. What a mistake.IMHO, Finale is not even a proper GUI application. This program has the worst interface I have ever seen, to the point of being almost unuseable unless you spend hours a day with it.Here's what I mean: In a typical Windows program, you select an object and then the program shows you what you can do with it. Select, then manipulate. That's not new; it's been a tenet of GUI design since day one.Oh, but not with Finale, though. There are almost a dozen different "tools," and you have to know in advance which tool contains the function that you need before you can even select the item that you want to change. That's annoying, but it's aggravated by the fact that functions are not necessarily associated with the tool that makes sense.And it gets worse, because the "help system" is nothing more than a gazillion MB PDF of the manual. Tooltips? Fuhgeddaboutit. Context help? Are you kiddin' me? I defy any new user to change the key of a song without consulting at least two sections of the manual.Everything about this program is harder to use than it needs to be. I guess this must be to maintain compatibility with the 1980s DOS version or something, because I can think of no reason why someone would design a Windows or Mac program to work in such a non-intuitive and bass-ackwards fashion.I'm switching to Sibelius, which is what I should have bought in the first place. I can't get Finale off of my computer soon enough.
As usual, Microsoft comes up with a product that promises more than it delivers.I expected to turn my cassette tape collection into MP3s but could not.Plus! has an analog recorder all right, but the resulting files are in Microsoft's proprietary WMA format.Plus! includes an audio converter. You would think that this converter would enable you to convert your WMA files into MP3 files but it does not.The help file (a missnomer for any Microsoft help files) says I can convert to MP3 if I have an MP3 codec installed. If you don't know what a codec is, get lost!Thank you Bill! Not only does Microsoft charge 20 bucks for something that should be standard with Windows but it still falls short of what anyone would expect.The recorder splits tracks as it records and lets you splice either ends of tracks. However, Plus! will not let you splice the end of one track, delete the spliced end, and combine the shortened track with the next track. In essence, you can cut the begining or the end of a track but not take out, say a silence from the middle of a track. How stupid!It is quite frustrating to see Microsoft devote time on mediocre gadgets like these when it has so much catching up to do to make its main applications work properly.Then again, I guess Microsoft is not about making great products, just great money...
It turns out that recordings of solos by the English Horn are very scarce.  I took a chance on this one, because I needed something that would let my music-appreciation class hear what an English Horn sounds like.Unfortunately, this recording sounds like what you'd get if a rank amateur was getting the audio feed from an over-used 78-rpm recording.  Noisy; scratchy; fading in and out -- the soloist and accompanist played well enough, but the audio quality was pathetic.I managed to play the class one number on this CD, but I shall not be using it again.
There are two versions of this cd-the original Erotic Lounge Vol1 UPC 509975109002 which includes Thievery Corporation-Until The Morning and the later version just Erotic Lounge (same cover but vastly different tracklisting-no Until The Morning) UPC 5099751090021.I've contacted Amazon on this but the tracklisting listed here on the site hasn't been corrected and I've contacted Amazon retailers before purchasing to make sure I'm getting the original tracklisting to no avail, most need to (but won't check what cd version it is before they send it to you)
I've been using Easy CD Creator since version 2 that came bundled with my first burner, and they (Roxio) should've left well enough alone a long time ago. In version 6 they basically removed all the tools that I used in the package, except for what they've chosen to now call &quot;Creator Classic&quot;. I never was able to figure out how to create a VCD (DVD Creator's help crashed every time I tried to look up 'VCD').Basically all the functions in version 6 are no better than what may have come bundled with your burner drive. Save your money.
This software was given to me as Christmas gift now I am trying to register it, but ... The TSID (Technical Support ID) is not valid and I can't update the software (because it's not registered). I checked roxio.com but all they answered me was no help for me! Let me give you an advice, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!
This is without a doubt the worst program, in any category, that I have ever used.  It frankly does not work let alone work as advertised.  It consistently stops burning and displays error messages.  There is no way to correct them.  I have tried burning at speeds from 40x down to 8x.  Nothing works.  I've tried different media and Roxio's &quot;smart burn.&quot;  Same results.  The same applies to disc copying.  I've trashed at least 2 doz or more perfectly good CDs trying to get this thing to work.  I was able to burn 1 CD.  It took almost 7 hours and left off the last 2.5 tracks.  Tech support is worse than useless, they don't even respond to email questions.  Save your money and don't bother with this program.  It is a total waste.
I put in an order for this (I had version 5 on a prior PC) so that I'd have some decent DVD software on my new PC.  I treated the negative reviews here with skepticism.But they appear to be bang on target. So far, it has completely prevented XP from restarting (giving me a message that Windows can no longer figure out whether I have a valid license or not -- trust me, I do; and then on another reinstall hungup half-way through copying files.  For something as basic as disk copying you shouldn't have to deal with the kind of problems that bleeding-edge games or other exotic software present.  Even with the current rebate I'm out ... because I figured it couldn't be all bad.  Forget it.  I'll go back to the earlier version.
This software seems to mess up the disk partition assigning whole different drive letters at random after the installation. You can't even uninstall completely because it puts permanenet damage to your windows registry and creates orphant dlls, etc. I cannot believe anyone selling this kind of horrible software. This software will cause a lot of damamge than a good. Now, my  disk imaging software (Acronis True Image 7) and other *.dll dependent programs no longer work.Roxio should recall this junk immediately.
I've been using Roxio's Easy CD/DVD Creator 6 for sometime now and have not been able to get the company to fix their bugs within the DVD Builder portion of the product. I use this product frequently for other projects and it works fairly well but the DVD Builder is full of bugs. I purchased the product because of DVD Builder. I already had the previous version and there would have been no reason to upgrade except for DVD Builder. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
This history of this product has been one frought with driver problems and compatibility problems.  My first CD burner was a 4x and it came with Adaptec ECD Creator way back in the day.  That version was impossible to get working on a Windows 98 machine.  I won't even begin to try to describe the hell of trying to get this program to work (I should say 'these programs' since it's not even one program but rather a compilation of bad programs from various 3rd party sources that Roxio bundles up with their own poor product) on a machine running Windows 2000 and a Plextor burner.  Every iteration of this software is wracked with problems.  Every time a new version comes out there are scores of bad reviews with people who cannot get the software to work.  Sure, for every piece of software there are always a FEW people who write negative reviews because they don't realize their problem is with their existing setup, not the software they are installing.  But it is no coincidence that for each new version there are scores of reviewers with problems they cannot seem to resolve.How sad is it when you can burn your MP3's to CD using Windows Media Player(!) with greater reliability and ease then with a program that you actually have to pay extra for?Windows XP has been around for plenty long enough.  The drivers for XP and 2000 should be just about the same.  I had lots of problems with Win2K running things like ATI high-performance video card, creative soundblaster platinum, and ECD Creator.  I understood the problems because Win 2000 was not yet meant to be a consumer product and none of these companies payed serious attention to getting flawless drivers out for it.  But now it has been YEARS since Microsoft abandoned the DOS-based OS's in favor of NT based WinXP.  ATI has finally gotten their XP drivers up to par.  Creative has done the same.  Roxio is so far behind the pack, and keeps putting out this sub-standard suite of seldom-functional garbage.  I recommend people switch to Nero and do not buy this.  Maybe that will finally give Roxio a reason to put out a product that works RELIABLY for once.
Roxio released this version before it was ready!The package is rich in advertised features, and supposedly XP compatable.  My experience was less than good, to be polite.Roxio abandoned the reliable OEM v4 Easy CD Creator that came with my PIII Dell Dimension.  When I upgraded the operating system from WinMe to WinXP Home, I invested $ (no upgrade breaks for current users) with Easy CD Creator v6.  Well, I soon discovered that the software seems to have a known incompatability with the NEC CD-RW that comes with most Dells of the era (and many others?)After many crashes, calls to Dell and Roxio (more on that below) I checked into the discussion boards.  The Roxio discussion boards are full of howling customers with serious problems.  I urge potential buyers to check them out BEFORE YOU BUY.After pulling my hair out (what little is left of it) I called Roxio, which does not have a toll-free support line, and was placed on hold for over 2 hours before I had to abandon the call.  The software now costs another $+ in toll charges.The poor moderator of the discussion boards admitted the fix was in the works, but no idea when it might come.Problems: The Photosuite function made my system crash.  The CD copier made my system crash.  The drag-to-disk was inoperable.  The CD labeler prints a hideous ROXIO label in an overwhelmingly big font.I removed the program and got the final insult.  All in all, a very expensive lesson.  Only saving grace is there is now some rebates posted that will offset the loss.For what it is worth, this is my experience.Don
After I installed this software on my XP computer over last weekend, I found that my hard drives assignments were completing changed and I was not able to run my applications. Hidden partitions also showed up as newly assigned drives. Luckily I was hands-on with computer enough to go to the maintainance mode and correct the problems.When I tried to compile new projects for data backup , the program hanged numerous times. What's worst was that not all data were written on the disc and the program did not flag any warnings.
This is probably the most user-unfriendly software I've ever bought when it comes to creating music CDs.  Everytime I needed to burn a music CD I had to go to the tutorial for the various steps.  Version 5 was great compared to 6. The only problems with 5 is that it can't be used with Windows XP and you have to download a patch to fix the problems with it.I had no problem like others with installing 6.  However some months after I did install it I started having problems with the "drag and drop" software.  This is software that can be used to "drag and drop" any file (music or non-music) to burn a CD.  It turned out to be a nightmare.  CDs were not able to be finalized.  When you install the drag and drop software it simply takes over for the CD burning method of Windows XP (which is far, far superior).  I uninstalled the software and simply did a custom install by just installing the photosuite (the only useful thing in Creator 6).
this software came with my computer but after some time this software was formating data cd  to music cd in for real player .at last i had kick this software and i am so happy . now i am using nero which is is world class software .don't buy this software ever at any cost . and if it is coming with your's computer don't use it .use nero
I wholeheartedly agree with every negative article related to this product - if you use windows XP.  As an example the Label maker does not refresh properly so the graphics bleed into one another.  Tech support almosts laughs at people with their standard comments - oh its going to be fixed on the next upgrade.  I'm not sure how they let this product out the door.  It's too bad becuase their earlier versions did its job relatively seemlessly.
This software came with my new Dell Computer and it has been a very frustrating experience.  Dell DOES NOT give or offer any support for this software and Roxio will not give or offer any support either (unless you purchase it direct from them, then, I don't know).  I was held on hold with Roxio for 1 1/2 hrs and finally gave up.  For some reason, although you can compress the VHS capture source down to fit on a DVD (MPEG-1, and four more options), it still says that the files are too large to transfer. I bought the top-of-the-line Dell to handle all the system requirements.  There was no manual that came with the software and the help menu was not informative enough. I have had my computer 3 weeks and have been off work during this time and still can't get it to capture all the time, or compress properly when it does work.  I even went as far as buying a new VCR and a variety of cables (including &quot;Monster&quot; cables) in hopes that this would remedy the problem, but to no avail. And now, the video portion has finally stopped working. A waste of good money.
If you own Easy Creator 5, I can't think of any good reason to purchase this product.  The only thing it does well is burn data and files to CD's, and EC-5 does that equally well.  The Photosuite section is one of the most exasperating pieces of software I've ever tried to use - and it deletes EC-5's ability to archive pictures along with a self-running exe player that provides both shortage and self-running slide show capabilities (with music) on one CD.  If you need a photo album and picture editor program, first look at what came with your digital camera, possibly augmented by one of the cheaper Adobe editing products, or purchase Jasc After Shot or it's latest incarnation.  If you need DVD/Video capture or editing software, buy Sonic's MYDVD Video Suite - It's significantly simpler and more flexible to use, and produces DVD's with better playing characteristics.  The Audio capture/playing/editing features seem only different, not better than EC-5, and maybe not as good.  The Drag-to Disk feature is back - but I've never found that feature to be worth the effort to use it, with any CD/DVD burning program.  And lastly, the basic operation of the program seems even more quirky than EC-5, and counter-intuitive to every other piece of software you likely own.  Bottom line, I installed it, tried it, deleted it, and reinstalled the elements of EC-5 I use.  Was a total waste of $...
I got this software bundled with the Plextor PX-708A DVD burner (very good price/service from newegg.com I don't mind saying, and I'm not affiliated with them).  Well the first thing I noticed upon installing this software is that it constantly tries to &quot;phone home&quot;, meaning it tries to contact Roxio from your computer.  Fortunately I run Zone Alarm as my personal firewall and I have to explicitly allow any new program to access the internet from my box, so sorry Roxio, go spy on someone else's user habits.  BTW, I mean *constantly*, it was really ridiculous.The major reason I give this piece o' junk 1 star is that it doesn't copy protected DVDs!  What in the nine h*lls does Roxio think I bought a DVD burner for in the first place!?!?  I have a huge collection that someone could walk off with in about 30 seconds and I'd be out over 1000 bones.  Apparently Roxio forgot what &quot;fair use&quot; of a product means while they were ring-kissing and boot-licking to the MPAA.  Now I have to go spend another 80 or so just to get some functionality out of my expensive new toy.I will never buy a Roxio product in my life.
Crashed a lot and isn't compatible with newer hardware or operating systems. I ended up buying Nero and giving this away.
I have many other software products that let me work with music creation and collection, so the main reason I bought Easy CD &amp; DVD Creator was for its DVD tools. I have many VHS tapes which are family movie compilations, some dating back to Super 8 days. I was very eager to put these all on DVD for my family.The series of problems I had with this process was simply amazing. The software didn't have fast forward or rewind buttons. Importing often failed even though the movie or sound files were perfectly usable by every other software package on my system. The software crashed numerous times. I tried to move the project onto another system to see if it would be any better, and the move process required me to start again from scratch.I finally got my DVD put together the way I wanted it and started to write. It crashed. I tried to simply write an image to disk. It crashed. The Roxio message boards are full of complaints from people with the same problem. I sent an email to their tech support. No answer. If you call in you pay for a toll call - plus pay $35 on top of that in order for them to &quot;help you&quot; figure out why their software is crashing.This software should never have been released in the buggy state it is in. It is incredible how much money I have spent for software that has wasted days of my time and simply does not work.
Version 6.0 is extremely buggy - there are fixes for many of the problems on the Roxio website, but quite a few aren't fixed. I was unable to burn a DVD with this software, but at least the software prevented me from even trying to burn the DVD, so I didn't waste the DVD.  That being said, if you can get it to work, it's very extensive.  You can also burn audio CD's from .wav and .mp3 files, with CD-text, and then import the track information to the label-maker.  Pinnacle's Instant CD+DVD might be more suitable for you. They have a trial version so you can make sure it works on your computer before you buy. If all you're looking for is DVD-authoring/burning software, try Ulead MovieMaker 2; they also have a trial version.
Just to add my own experience to those of other recent reviews...  I installed v.6 on Win XP home edition and upon reboot, the system was completely unuseable!I am a programmer by profession and a hardware enthusiasist with experience building systems from the ground up.  It took me three days to recover the system....just my 2 cents worth, but I thought you should be aware.
I have been very happy with Roxio products until this upgrade. This product should never have been released. During the upgrade, it destroyed my Windows 2000. All I had when Roxio got through with my machine is the blue screen of death. I had to reinstall Windows, ALL my programs ALL my drivers, and I had reset ALL my preferences and defaults, I never could recover my DSL connection. And my MP3 files all disappeared. I lost a week's worth of work, probably several clients, and several thousand dollars.After speaking with Roxio technical help (on my dime, of course)for several hours, the person at Roxio admitted that THIS WAS CAUSED BY A KNOWN BUG. They had no work-around; they had not recalled the product; they had no warning for suckers like me. All they had was "I'm sorry." That's not good enough.The icing on the cake is that the program doesn't even work well. I have yet to be able to make an audio cd that doesn't skip and distort. I hate to think about the data cd's I've made.
I recently purchased the Easy CD &amp; DVD creator 6 from COSTCO and I'm returning it for a refund. I bought a Panasonic palmcorder with miniDV cassettes with the hopes that I could transfer the video to DVD/CD. I bought Roxio's software because I've heard it is reputable and I've used their CD creator in the past with great success, but this package that I bought is just junk! It simply doesn't work. I have a Compaq P4 2.66GHz with 512mb sdram, a CD/DVD writer, etc, etc, and this computer works very well in all other aspects. The software won't recognize that I've connected a camcorder to it, plain and simple. I've been doing some checking into this software and there appears to be a lot of problems with this software and I've read many, many unfavorable reviews/customer feedback comments with a full range of problems. This really sucks because most people are screwed when they buy software because of the return policies in place--you're stuck with it. Not so with COSTCO. I recommend buying software through them if possible so as to avoid this problem.To summarize: This software is crap and you should demand a refund.
I purchased the Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 Platinum Edition in November 2004, after Microsoft's SP2 for Windows XP made my Basic 5 version unusable.  I've been exchanging emails with Roxio Technical Support ever since.  I can burn a data CD only to a CDR (for some reason ECDC 6 does not recognize my CDRWs).  I cannot copy a CD using the Disc Copier function.  For some reason the ECDC 6 recognizes my burner only through the Creator Classic function.What is wrong with companies these days?  They grab the money and run.  Never mind whether the customer gets the functionality they are paying for.I'll be looking into Nero or Sonic, which I've heard positive comments from live users.Amazon.com, on the other hand, is one customer-oriented company!
My problem is with the sound editor function.  There is absolutely no help in the user's manual.  There is not a single illustration of the very complex screen (I do not mean the waveform).  No help with the moving cursors.  No instructions on how to select a part of the material and piece together with other parts for recording.  The email support is meaningless.  There is plenty of help for the kids who want to make labels, and I think that is the feature most people are raving about.  I would return the package if I could.  Wayne is my name.
I only gave this one star because I could not give it a zero!  These women are NOT The Supremes!  Period!  Diana Ross, Mary Wilson, Florence Ballard and Cindy Birdsong are/were The Supremes!  Period!  And if I want to be very correct, especially if you consider whose voice is heard on every hit song, Diana Ross was The Supremes.  Period!
(...) These are all re-recordings by people who never sang on the originals. The backgrounds are cheesy sounding and the vocals are mostly oversung or bad imitations. Stick to the real Motown product.
I would recommend to not buy this CD.  The songs do not not have the right sound. They sound monotome and you do not hear much other than the vocals.. Its not what you expect from the Supremes.. This music is not music you can dance to and enjoy.
The needle broke off after playing on 6 albums.  Just snapped right off. No refund after 30 days.  I'm 19 days past.  $50 down the drain.  I'll find a reputable dealer who stands behind their products.
Generic needle without branding not in accordance with the picture - sound just acceptable.I hope that my vinyls will not be damaged!
I have had my SC35C cartridge for years and have gone through 3 styli so far and each time I was able to replace with a Shure brand stylus and it has always sounded great. This time I got the generic replacement from My Needle Store as it seemed like it got decent reviews. The one that I got sounded horrible. It had a lot of distortion. Maybe I just got a bad one but I am going to make sure I only replace with an official Shure brand stylus from now on.
Do not buy this if you are planning on using Windows Vista.  There are no (not even beta) drivers and the Windows XP/64 drivers do not work.  M-Audio seems totally arrogant about the whole thing and there are no target dates for any driver support (which hasn't even been confirmed).
The M-Audio Revolution 7.1 is listed as being Mac compatible but with all the issues it has currently, I am not sure how that is true.I own a G4 Mirrored Drive Tower and have had nothing but problems with this sound card. Currently there is still no driver for anything past 10.4.6 and if you upgrade any higher the card will not work in Surround Sound. Besides that there is constant speaker popping and horrible buzzing and squeals when switching between programs, sometimes even when the computer is not in use. It has been flakey with surround sound when using DVD Player and Quicktime, as well. During the 10% of times it works without a hassle the sound is great through my Logitech speakers, so it is quite sad when it doesn't work. It seems that this is the only option for Mac users to achieve surround sound that I know of, which is also very saddening.I have a feeling I will be selling this to a PC user in the near future and just settling for good ol'stereo.
If you are running Panther on a Power Mac system, then I would not get this card.  The crappy drivers causes kernal panics within a few minutes of starting the system.  I contacted their "Tech Support" and got nowhere fast.  It seems that they are more interested in making excuses and finger points to oters as to why their card doesn't work.  Then they go on to basicly say "Tough luck for now.  We will have new drivers for you soon"  but they don't say when, if ever, that they will have them.It has been two weeks since Panther has come  out and there has been nothing from them.  All their other products have Panther updates, why not the Revolution?
Not sure why Amazon (and Borders, too) have Todd Rundgren listed on this Conway Twitty album!
I have never played the keyboard or piano before, therefore I thought this would be a great help.  It wasn't.  I learned more about the keyboard from the little book that came with the keyboard than I did from this DVD.  Maybe once I learn to play the keyboard, this will be a great way to learn to play the different styles it talks about, but right now I need to learn the basics and this was no help.
Don't waste your money on this DVD. There is no tab and the "closeups" of Duke Robillaird's hands are shot from a poor angle so you can't tell what strings he's fretting. Suffice to say I am very disappointed.
Lights jump all over the place, has a hard time telling which string your  plucking. Definately not worth it! Might as well spend a little more money on something that will actually work.
While McGuinn's artistry is excellent, this video's title is totally misleading - claiming &quot;Basic&quot; and &quot;Easy arrangements&quot; are totally untrue here. &quot;Basic /easy&quot; does not mean simultaneously flat picking and finger picking at 100 bpm. This isn't even structured as a learning video, its really a quick run through by an accomplished artist at full speed. A performance video for his fans perhaps but really not something a beginner could do. There's also some gratuitous shots of the peghead to let your know whose brand of guitar he's playing. If you have anything less than intermediate to advanced guitar skills you will be disappointed. Which is a shame because this publisher does put out some excellent learning tools (for example Steve Kaufman). Shame on them for misleading us on this one. Save your money !
I bpught this cd for the wondeful sonf, A Love Divine, which i heard sung in a  local catholic church by a  lone female voice + piano. Beautiful in words and music. She captured the essence of the song. So i thought I'd like to have this wonderful spiritual on cd at home.However this version is slightly different tempo than the one I heard at mass, but it goes further. Here the chorus director has so mellowed and slowed the song, to where it just oozes and cralws. This lifelss and boring  version is so far from  the way the young lady and her accompaning piano player has "divined" this song. Its spiritless chorus like this one that can surely keep more folks away from the churches that as a  means to draw the souls in.there's no other way to say it.
I've had two of theses and they are awful I get poor sound quality and loads of distortion I wouldn't waste your money on this junk
Bought RPDlx to record midi + vocals and burn to audio CD. Using new Gateway it loads install CD, but when we try to "burn" an audio CD the software tells us we have no CD! If you read their manual ([...]) you'll discover on page 44 of 46 a small disclamer stating they don't support some CD's (but nothing letting you know which ones). Despite emails and faxes to their tech support we have heard nothing and cannot fully use the product.Also, the user manual is so poorly written that it took us days just to figure out how to create an MP3 file ... I'd suggest you pass on this and try something else.
The buisness discontinued the item so you could not activate the itemhowever the seller sent my money back and so great all i wasted was my time
What a piece of rubbish, some guy just reading out 100 tips that could easily have made a single sheet PDF.Very disappointed
I bought this for my boyfriend. He was very happy to receive it. Sadly, only one song was playable. Will not buy used again.
This company does not support Choral Music.  Do not let the fact that they sell microphones and subscriptions to vocal ensembles mislead you.  They do not have ANY choral music available to practice and have no plans to do so.  This discrimination disappoints me.  I cannot support a company that promotes discrimination.This company also makes Finale.  After discovering their attitude towards Vocal Ensembles, I am making plans to switch from Finale to Sibelius.  If you are a Choral Director, you should too.  If you are a Band or Orchestra Director, it would be helpful if you pressured the company not to continue this discrimination.
I liked Eddie Fisher way back then, and his autobiography called "Been There, Done That" is fascinating, but I guess it's just me - his singing is overblown schmaltz, in my opinion. I kept thinking while listening that it's all "plastic singing" with no real emotion, and some of the songs are so bad that your toes curl. You can predict the words he's about to sing, in some of these awful songs, before he sings them.In his autobiography, Eddie Fisher says that at one point, he was more popular than Sinatra. I guess that's true, but today, when you listen to Sinatra, you hear some real emotion in a song. These songs by Eddie Fisher have no emotion in them. They still play Sinatra today, but I don't think you'll hear any of these songs by Eddie Fisher, on the radio anymore.  The one good song in this collection is the duet with Perry Como, called "Maybe."  (I'm enjoying Eddie Fisher's autobiography very much - I recommend that highly.)
This is not only (much like music maker generation 7) highly unstable but pretty useless on both my of my Sony Vaios (Computer Brand). Do not waste your money on this program it was a great disapointment because the crash ratio was higher them the running time.Even after cleaning my memory (as stated in the instructions)it crashed just as bad on both my Pentium 4 and my Athlon.Not only did it crash alot but the program effects broads, such as the guitar effects, need to be updated or done away with. They constintly errored out and most effects that was advertised on the box just plain out did not work. Stick with Sonic Foundry or final cut 4 both are alot better programs to work with.
I just bought this program and boy, am I sorry!  There is so much wrong with this program it's hard to know where to begin.  First off, it crashes quite frequently.  The documentation is terrible.  The &quot;synthesizers&quot; are worthless, except for the beat box, which is pretty cool (but which crashed on me whenever I tried to play the RockPop default beat).  The guitar synthesizer is particular hopeless: there is a big echo and vibrato on the notes which is impossible to remove, and you have to include 64 bars (you can't just do, say, 8).  The bass synthesizer's notes are transposed up a whole tone for some reason, and you can only play one note at a time.  The samples are OK, but forget about it if you like rock music; there's next to nothing there.  There isn't even a good generic bass sample, just weird funky stuff.  There are tons of little interface glitches, annoyances, and misfeatures.  I could go on and on and on, but the bottom line is that this software exhibits incredibly shoddy workmanship.  If I were Magix, I would be deeply ashamed to have released something this bad.
I bought this software for the sole purpose of ripping, and was sadly disappointed.  I admit I'm not the smartest man I know, but I could have sworn I didn't see anything on the product specification page, stating that this product is nothing more than a demo.  So, to get to the point if you buy this program you will only get twenty rips then it will lock up till you buy the full version.  Buy the full version?  Isn't that what I have.  So, I wasted my time trying to figure what the hell was going on with this software.  I don't know why in the hell amazon would SELL a demo.  I can understand them distributing them free, but selling them.  Shame on You Amazon, Shame on YOU!
I've been interested in purchasing this microphone, but read the other review with lots of interest and am now having second thoughts about buying it (especially since the microphone is almost twice the cost of the recorder itself).Since there is no email address to reply to, I thought I put a message out asking whether or not the microphone sensistivity was properly selected.  On the recorder, there is a high and low sensitivity selection (low for using the recording at a short distance - basically speaking right into the microphone, and high for recording sounds from a distance).  Maybe the sensitivity when using the microphone was set to low, instead of high?  That should cause the poor results mentioned in the review.  If that was the case, switching to high should have produced better results.Thanks.
I read some of these other reviews that stated that this mic was cheap and did not pick up sound very well. I should have paid attention, but it was cheap and it was from Sony so I figured how could I go wrong. Well the mic is a piece of junk and worthless to me. You have to cup your hand around the the end and with you mouth just a 1/2 inch from it's surface you have to shout for anything to be recorded at a near normal level. Perhaps this would be of some benefit for loud singing but for normal speaking level it is completely useless. It was cheap enough that I just wrote it off as the time and effort it would of taken to repackage and repost would not of been cost effective. Don't buy it. Spend a little more money and get something that works.
Santa brought this for Christmas.  It did not last two days!  The mic feels nice and heavy and looks great.  The problem is in the wiring.  Bad design!
I bought this microphone to go with my daughter's karaoke (so my son can enjoy also), but did not work at all.
i was not impressed by this product at all.  i thought since it was sony it would be good but clearly not.
its just worthless u cant hear your voice u have to shout .. and even wen u do the sound is veryy poor in quality .. the micrphones that come on any cheap headphones are muchhhhhhhhhhhh betteeerrrr .... dnt think about buying it
Arrived on time, and operational.  Okay for Karaoke use, though not great.Used it only for a few hours.  Then an inquisitive adult-child decided to unscrew the the portion into which you speak from the handle upon which it was attached, and look inside...It seems that the two parts easily unscrewed from each other.  It is regrettable that there was some kind of a very thin (and sharp) aluminum ring (washer?) between the two parts, near the very thin wires that run from the switch (in the handle) to the microphone piece that was unscrewed from the handle.  It is regrettable that the flimsy aluminum ring severed one of the two thin/fragile wires.  Now the brand new microphone doesn't work.  :(Of course, it isn't Sony's fault that the adult-child treated the microphone as a science project.  However, the world is full of adult-child nitwits; no doubt this has happened before.  If Sony didn't intend for those two pieces to be separated from one another, they should have taken steps to idiot-proof the assembly, or at least provide a warning.  :|The only good news is that I don't have to deal with karaoke anymore.  :)
Mic is solid, no complaints about the microphone unit itself.It has a removable cable, and the one it comes with is the worst soldering job I've ever seen. The poles in the female part (in the mic) push the connections in the male part (the cable/plug) and they slide down into the plug, short, and interrupt recording. It does this constantly. When I tried to repair it the parts got hot enough to melt the insulation and make it worse.This mic was a great buy, I am very satisfied with it's recording abilities (before it stopped working a week after I bought), but they should just sell and advertise it as 'no cable included' cause you're just gonna hang yourself with it.Factor a new cable into the price before you finish shopping.
Why not sell the thing with a battery, it's a special battery, not available in the boonies, so I have a choice....Drive 30 miles or wait another week for a battery to come in the mail.  Iknow, Iknow in the text it does say battery not included but who reads that?  So for the folks who read this... BUY A BATTERY TOO!!!!
I bought this as a preacher and a speaker to digitally record my messages.  It has a niche in the back that you turn with a coin to turn it "off" and "on"  but you never know it's on until it is to late.  Save yourself the trouble, buy another one besides this one.
As a video instructor, working with a small budget, I purchased over 50 of these with the hope that they worked well enough for students to do interviews with. Let's just say that Quality Control on this item is non existent. Once in awhile, I find one that works well for a short period of time. Most of the time, the static is so bad (and can come and go) that interviews turn out to be worthless. It uses a CR2025 battery, which they claim is good for over 100 hours of usage. We go thru batteries like gum. I think the tiny cable that connects to the mic could be a big part of the problem because they work for awhile out of the box (NOT ALWAYS) but fail very quickly. Sometimes if the person is absolutely still the sound can be really good and the smallest movement puts it into loud static, which sounds like a loose cable connection.  Anyway, I'm replacing all of these with Audio-Technica ATR3350 Omnidirectional Condenser Microphone which are about the same price. I'm hoping this solves our problem and will post after we use them for awhile.
My in-laws purchased this machine for my daughter last Christmas. I read the directions, plugged it into an outlet, then went back to the owner's manual to continue reading. Within twenty seconds I smelled something awful, looked up, and saw SMOKE billowing out of the top of the machine! I could not believe my eyes--I have never had any electronics product do this before in my life. I immediately unplugged it and dashed it outside in case it caught on fire. What a total piece of JUNK! The unit was powered OFF, not even turned on for the first time! I am giving it one star because I cannot give it 0 or negative stars. This will be my last experience with any smoking Craig product!!
This machine was given to my daughter on Christmas morning.  IT WAS BROKEN STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX.  The CD drive would not even open to allow you to put the CD in to play. The store that I purchased it from was out of stock and would not be receiving anymore, so I called Craig Electronics (the manufacturer).  I was told by the telephone representative as well as a supervisor that I would have to pay $15.00 to cover shipping and handling to send their broken machine back to them in order to get another one. Evidently Craig Electronics does not completely stand behind this product, since they want the customer to pay to send their broken machine back to them. Unfortunately, due to this extremely negative experience I will be returning it to the store and WILL NOT be purchasing another Craig Electronics product.
Many of the files are repeats, many more are corrupt.  Most importantly the quality is very poor, I would guess most (80%) are 11.025/8bit/mono.  Too low quality for anything over a school project.  I wouldn't even put them on my desktop.
i recently bought pacific digital's drumxtreme with all intentions of using this product as a beginner's tool.  i hate to say that i am dissapointed with it though.  for starts, the software that comes with it hardly works, meaning the &quot;music game, etc.&quot; doesn't work, so therefore one cannot play along with music.  all it basically does is let you bang on the drums and try to figure out things for yourself.  so why not get real drums instead?  this product promises a good beginner's experience but does not deliver it.  the sound is not good quality, and the toms are barely audiable.  not to mention that this model doesn't come with a hi hat pedal, leaving the beginner to use their arm - which complicates things in the beginning and could leave one frustrated.  sure, there are other models that offer this, but for one who is on a budget and just looking to begin drums, this one seems like the best bet.  i personally wish i would've kept my money and used it on real drums instead, which i am going to have to do now.  so save yourself the trouble, if you want to begin - begin on real drums and get the real experience, dont be fooled by this product.
Initially pretty happy with this purchase for my son.  Better feel than electronic drum pads, and he could play with headphones.  Unfortunately, drum unit died after just a few months.  I tried contacting vendor's (Pacific Digital) customer support.  But they will not answer.  (Pacific Digital itself appears to be OEMing these for some unknown Asian manufacturer.)  Went on to Pacific Data's "Live Support" (chat) feature on their Web site, but it is in fact off-line.  I had bought these at pre-rebate price and even ordered upsell kit from vendor Pacific Digital.  Now we're left with $400 doorstop, and we're obvously extremely disappointed.  ...
If you are looking for a 3/4 size guitar, this is not the one for you.  We purchased this for our 10 year old daughter.  When she took it to her first lesson the instructor told us that it is not a 3/4 size, but closer to a 1/4, which is not the correct size for a 10 year old.  Now we are trying to return it and get the correct size, but have had nothing but hassles.
If you have Windows Vista do not buy this as the company who makes them does not know computers are sold with Windows Vista now and do not offer any drivers for Vista. I guess they make money on the next one that does use Windows Vista. Stay Away if you have windows vista
This AT440ML cartridge has been discontinued and is no longer available. The replacement is AT440MLa. If you order this item you will be getting he 440MLa which has a frequency response of 20Hz-20KHz, and not the 5Hz-32KHz advertised. The seller (Electronics Expo) does not tell you this or respond when they are emailed. Be Aware.
1/2 hour of Danny Morris playing with his band. No instructions on how to play or any techniques. I am a new beginner and it was not that helpful at all.
This product is marketed by the manufacturer as a "Deluxe Dynamic Stereo Microphone.  It is NOT a stereo microphone.  It is a common low-end monophonic (one channel) microphone.  The photo will reveal that the plug has only two contacts, meaning one channel.  Furthermore, the instructions with the microphone indicate that for stereo use, two of these microphones must be used, -one for the recorder's left jack, and one for the right.  Don't make the same mistake I made.  THIS IS NOT A STEREO MICROPHONE!
I'm giving this product a 1 star review because it doesn't list the frequency or range of frequncies that it operates on.  It only vaguely lists that it works somewhere in the VHF range.  Are we consumers just expected to buy this and be stuck with it if it doesn't work because of radio interferance?  If they bothered to post the frequency range under the product description like most of the other wireless microphones do, than pershaps consumers can determine before we buy it whether or not it will work in our environment.  If you purchase this item, you're gambling that it's going to work.  If you're in a small club in the middle of nowhere with no other RF use anywhere nearby, odds are it will work.  But if you're like most people who use wireless mics in a very crowded RF environment, not knowing whether or not this mic is going to work before you buy it is not acceptable.
Hooked up the record player but we cant get any volume from the speakers when we play the record player....
I ordered a Pyle PLTTB1 belt drive turntable on Amazon, and it didn't work at all.The motor was very loud and the tone arm would not move across the record.It would just stay in the outside grooves. A place to send the turntable was included,but I have no record whatsoever of the transaction. I have nothing to showwhere or when I bought it.I bought another turntable since then on Ebay, and it works great.So, now I'm stuck with the bad one.
Received my Pyle PLTTB1 in the mail this week and hooked it up per directions and it worked for less than two minutes.  Pyle is right as in pyle of crap.  Don't buy this item.  I want my money back.
When the turntable arrived I was pretty psyched, but as soon as I took it out of the box it was evident that this thing was not a quality product. It was mostly comprised of cheap made in china plastic. Once I set it up I couldn't get the tone arm adjusted properly, the counterweights were not sensitive at all. Once I was finally satisfied with the tone arm I set a record on the platter, but the needle just sat on the edge of the disk and didn't follow the track towards the center of the record. If you want a turntable and this is your price range, go on ebay and find a German made player from the 70s or 80s. It will cost the same as this, but look so much more classy and sound so much better.
There seem to be a number of positive reviews for this product, but it sure seems like a piece of junk to me.  I have tried two of them and neither would play a record without sticking every 10-15 seconds - either with the included cartridge or a Shure cartridge I had sitting around.  One of them came with a warped platter, and the second one would not hold a constant speed - it kept drifting faster and slower.  On paper it looks like a nice unit - built-in strobe, a standard interchangeable cartridge mount, etc.  As a number of reviewers mention, the unit feels cheap.  I could live with that if it actually worked, unfortunately it failed to actually play a record.
Purchased the turntable to reminisce, but never got a chance to use. The turntable arrived as expected. The box was in good shape, but the tone arm was broken. I contacted Amazon, promptly mail out another one before I shipped the broke one back. The new turntable arrived in a few days and guess what? This one had a busted tone arm in the exact same place as the first one I received. If I had shipped the first one back, I would have sworn on a stack of bibles that they shipped the same one back. After sending the  second one back I requested a refund.
I purchased this item to use with a small amplifier. After only 45 seconds of use the microphone malfunctioned and stopped working altogether.  If you want to actually use the microphone don't buy this one.  Also the hassle of returning the product to Amazon is a pain and inconvenient.  Maybe somethings still need to be purchased at a brick and mortar store.
Neither of the two microphones I ordered for my granddaughters for Christmas worked. Why do people sell things that they must know doesn't work. As many people as reviewed said the cable was messed up. They have to know they are screwed up.
This mic was used six weeks before it failed to operate.  There was no abuse and was only used with the mic stand.  It may be in the three prong cord connection to the mic which was always sloppy.  I will opt for a better mic the next time around.
here is yet another item i received from amazon that is covered with some kind of smelly chemical that made me feel kind of sick. I wish I knew who to report this too, assuming anyone even cares. THese countries are shipping stuff to the usa covered in toxic chemicals and nobody is stopping them!as for the item itself, please note that on one side is an rca stereo type 1/4 inch jack for the input, not an xlr jack. xlr jack only connects to the microphone. theres many devices that need xlr jacks on both sides so dont get confused by this. either way ill be sending it back, for both reasons.
Audio cut in and out the first time we tried it.  Seems like a cheap cable.  Every time I move it with my fingers it cuts out.  Had to return.
I bought two of these microphones for my karaoke system at home.  At first, they were wonderful.  The quality was great for the price.  But in less than 2 months, both are not working at all.  Both have bad wire connection issues.  What a waste!  I think that most of the positive feedback left here was left before their product gave out.
You can barely hear it and the cord broke in about 2 weeks.  Need I say more?Save your money and buy another mic for 30-40 bucks.
The wire broke away from the microphone after only 3 weeks of use.  I would not recommend this produt.
I purchased this microphone as an additional one for my daughters' new karaoke machine based on many great reviews.  After using it only a few times since it was received for Christmas, it has completely stopped working.  My daughters are very disappointed that they both can't sing at the same time now.  Would not recommend...
I returned 2 of these because neither worked but only got refund for one....junk!!!  Don't waste your time! These are not worth the time.  Very disappointed in all aspects of this purchase!!
Bought 4 of these about 6 weeks ago, using them for classroom.  Connection (3 xlr pins) become loose, female cord doesn't connect.  Wouldn't buy again.
it's good but not that good their are some electric problems with it. I rated it because I liked it!(MADE IN CHINA)!!
This mic sucks. I thought it looked like a good deal, but it was just money for a toy. Lame!
I bought this as the second microphone to go along with my daughter's karaoke machine.  In less than a week it no longer worked.  Seemed that it never quite had a good connection between the cord and the bottom of the microphone.
Not sure if it's the microphone itself or the cord, but mine quit working within a month of light usage.  The microphone itself &#34;feels&#34; of quality build so my bet is it's the cheap cord.
Microphone is ok I guess but the cord that came with it is worthless. Didn't work out of the boxand I was concerned about it shorting out my mixer input. Stay away.
Immediately the connection was poor on one and within a week the other was faltering.  I bought 2 lifetime warrantied cables instead, attached them to the same cables the Nady XC-10's were, and they work great!
Purchased this for my internet radio show to add more mics.. Figured the Nady could handle that, didn't need anything high end... As soon as I plugged it in I noticed a very significant background hiss just from it being plugged into my mixer... This was  just XLR out from Nady to XLR in mixer nothing turned up nothing plugged in. The background noise was being created from the power running through it no matter where it was plugged in or using a different cord.. Tried different XLR, different power, and even tried the 1/4 connection with the same results.. So I tried an older Behringer UBB1002 using 1/4 outs and noticed how much quieter it was right away.. Nady is going in the trash since I had it out of the box so long without testing and threw the box away.. Good luck if you try picking this up..
The mixer died within a year.  The replacement was defective.  The third mixer lasted about a year.  The company does not let out any service manuals so there's no chance of self repair.
Showed up broken, but since it was a gift and had been wrapped awhile I could not even return it!  Happy Birthday to my son....he was really happy....Not!
This cable worked for me for one day. When I plugged in on day two, nothing. Would have returned, but I needed a new cable immediately.
the product so far seems great - going to be used to mostly to do weddings.  No complaints so far.
I was recently in the market for a DJ software package so I could transition into MP3 dj-ing.  I thought PCDJ was the best software on the market, clearly I was wrong.  When the software was functioning (rarely), the features that first attracted me to it worked fine.  Then, things went downhill from there.  First off, PCDJ has a sound dropping issue.  Whenever one would maximize or minimize a window, the sound would stutter or skip, producing a horrendous noise.  Visiosonic has addressed the issue, but has yet to produce a fix.  It also turns out Visiosonic has a ridiculous licensing/product activation system that will lock you out of the application by changing even the slightest settings to your system's hardware (BIOS update or a video card driver update for example).  I paid $300 for PCDJ FX and now I can't use it.  Tech support was an absolute joke; it took them one week to respond to my inquiry and finally unlocked my software.  After the same thing happened again about a month later, I decided to forget about PCDJ all together.  Think twice before purchasing any Visiosonic product, it's just not worth the money.  Sadly enough, the application lockout happened right before one of my DJ jobs, a very embarrassing situation indeed.  Look at other software packages (heck, even iTunes is better than this) before stooping to this.
I ordered all 3 DVD's in this series and cut my losses a few days later by unloading them on a good unsuspecting person on Ebay.  Bob Brozman is the J.C. Whitney of slide guitar - (each song includes every unnecessary option and accessory).  In a massive, tedious, overkill, the first DVD is mostly devoted to how to hold and move the slide just like the instructor.  If you really want to play slide guitar just listen to a lot of whoever you like, tune to open, and have at it. At least you can say you did it yourself.
I bought this keyboard, fully intending to have a good time with it and there it was not working! I bought it new and during shipping it must have broken! I lost $179.99 of my hard earned money; Its overpriced, overated, and mine didn't work! I don't know if those people who shipped it were just mocking me or I got the bad end of a bad deal, maybe it is just a piece of junk or am I the victim of a prank? I don't know how it works because as I said mine didn't work! I don't know if you would still want it but I wouldn't take that risk again.
I have to say I am extremely disappointed in the way this company shipped this product.  Considering this WAS a Christmas gift (like most things ordered this time of year), it wasn't good for this package to arrive (and box was NOT in good condition either) in its own product box!!!  I ordered most of my Christmas gifts online this year, and all I can say is all the other companies were smart enough to put it in another box so that the surprise wouldn't be spoiled by whoever saw the box first! I will never order from this company again.  I am a retailer myself and I know boxes are not that expensive!!!  Don't order this product unless you are absolutely sure you will be the one that gets to it first! Otherwise the surprise, or Christmas gift in this case, will be completely ruined.
To make this simple I concur with a significant number of these reviews.  The application simply doesn't run on my system which is a brand new install of Windows XP Professional.  The applications takes forever to come up and then hangs when I try to perform any functions.  It simply doesn't work.Tech support is not responding to my e-mails and it's been many days since I attempted to contact them.The bottom line is that the application simply doesn't work and is completely useless.  Since I can't contact them via phone as they charge to do so I will cancel the payment via my credit card.  I would advise anyone who purchses this product to buy it via a credit card so that you can cancel payment due to non-delivery of a functional product and inability to contact the company.
I have a Memorex 16x DVD/CDRW drive in my Dell Dimension running Windows XP SP3.  I installed Nero's INCD5 and PRAYED that I would not have a problem because prior versions of INCD wreacked havoc on my PC.After the install was complete, my Windows XP was virtually UNUSABLE - programs would not load, performance was so slow that I thought my computer was dead.  Knowing immediately that I had fallen victim, again, to this piece of crap software, I performed a Windows system restore.  That had no effect.  I rebooted in Windows SAFE MODE in order to get to a point that I could exorcise INCD.Two hours later I was returned to the point that I started from.  I am thankful that my computer still works.  INCD is popular.  It must work OK for some people.  I, unfortunately, have NEVER had a good experience with it.  Think twice before installing this product.  It may ruin your day.
I'm trying to copy my own DV's from my camera, but my copy of Roxio insists on treating its users like weenies and won't allow me to simply copy the simulated DVD files direct to DVD.I decided to check Nero before buying another program I can't use, but the demo's simply give me a message saying "Your demo has expired".  I have never used Nero, never loaded it on my PC, and am really disappointed.  I have deleted the demos, run Nero's cleanup tools (and a few of my own), rebooted my PC numerous times, and sent them email telling them of the problem.  Apparently, they're not very interested in selling this to anyone.  I've been trying to sort this problem out for five days and now I've just given up.  Good luck to anyone who buys it.
I hope the trained monkeys who "developed" this software are saddled with the stigma of creating this wholesale piece of junk so they will never work in the industry again.Without question, the worst piece-of-garbage software I have ever had the misfortune of using. It simply doesn't work WITH ANYTHING. I tried it with a DVD. I've tried it with a CD. I've tried burning music. I've tried burning files. I can't even back up my drive.I even updated Nero AND the driver for my DVD burner (Sony DVD RW DRU-720A). NOTHING worked. My computer freezes every single time I try to use this piece of crap software.I'd give this software MINUS FIVE STARS if I could. It really sucks that bad. If you buy it, prepare to have a lot of coasters around your house that look like CDs and DVDs.Hey AHEAD! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
I also received the same error.  I tried a half dozen things I could think of.  It would not install.  I was using Nero 5.  Hopefully I can still install the old version.
I've had problems with Nero 6 Ultra since I installed it.  I found out they charge for phone support and they haven't answered my email support request for 4 days and counting. Very disappointing.
Nero used to be great. I just ask it to do the basic job ofburning CD-Rs and DVD-Rs. Now it won't even do that consistently!And for some reason the data verification algorithm doesn't seem to work properly either!Avoid this software until it improves significantly!
I purchased Nero 6 Ultra Edition with high hopes. Unfortunately the software has many application conflicts running on Windows 2000 (current service pack), inablity of InCD to format or erase CD-RWs, and suffers from poor technical support.Nero support's attempts to help me were good at first. They even sent me software to help resolve the conflicts with applications and direct writing to my my Plextor CD-R drive. Unfortunately even the software they sent to assist me didn't operate as they indicated it would. After a few back and forths, Nero support essentially threw up their hands and gave up.So I removed Nero 6 Ultra and installed Roxio Easy CD Creator. Now not only are my conflicts gone, but Windows Explorer file copies to CD-RWs have gone from six minutes (Nero 6 Ultra) to 30 seconds (Roxio Easy CD Creator).Nero can fiddle all they want, but I will stay out of Rome!
LOL...I noticed one of the reviewers comparing Roxio to Nero and said Nero was better even though there was a "learning curve" with Nero and Roxio was "easier" to use. Well, there is a "learning curve" and you will learn, as I have, to stay away from Nero and stick with Roxio. When Nero works, its good, but half the time I have a wasted CD and I have to start all over. Many times, when I am burning a CD, it reads a CD as already full, when in actuality, it's not! Roxio's user-friendly interface, perfect CD's everytime, and user support, is what makes it so appealing and what makes for good piece of Software. Nero is nothing but junk and should not be sold in the United States!
Unfortunately, Nero (Ahead software), unlike Roxio, is still a company lacking business maturity. Nero does not have a phone number listed on their website, and after calling directory assistance for a phone number, the number just rings to an answering machine. Like many immature dot com companies in the 90's, Nero has insulated themselves and their Brand from any personal contact with the public other then email. This is the forewarning of a company already in trouble.Roxio has their 800 number posted right on their website, and they answered the phone right away. I quickly had my questions answered, and they were incredible helpful and professional. Roxio has business maturity, and is positioned to be around for years to come. My recommendation is to go with the professional company, Roxio.
I bought this product & spent a $100.00 CND and it was a waste of my money. I wouldn't recommend this product to any of my friends.
I bought the OEM Suite (it included an expired demo version of the wav editor). I called customer service and was told to purchase MP3pro for $20 to fix the problem. Then, after downloading and not installing properly, I was prompted to go to EXTRAS and Encoding (no encoding). Tried to reinstall, it wouldn't let me. Nero tech support charges $1.29 a minute to help you solve this problem. It's called "throwing good money after bad". STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!
I bought an external SONY DVD Drive (VRD-MC1) that only works with NERO (provided in a CD). I proceeded to install NERO 6.6 which required that I uninstall any competing software like ROXIO. I proceeded accordingly and completed the installation of NERO. I started to have problems with several programs and data files for no apparent reason. I have been struggling with the problem for months. Finally, I discover that NERO has changed the file "type" of many programs totally unrelated to NERO. Therefore, several programs do not work, like PALM 5.1, where ALL the data files have a new extension type: "NeroMediaPlayer media files".I will appreciate anyone's help.
READ ALL THIS PLEASE - Also here's a link for more of what you can expect ( [...] )NEW or POTENTIAL BUYERS BEWARE!Included is a copy of the "E" I sent to the Nero sales dept today after finally getting to talk to a tech about my problem with Nero freezing while trying to burn an .avi video file. (program always stops responding at about 60%) My motherboard, my bios,processor, sound and video cards are all new and up to date with plenty of memory etc.. Also you should know that to talk to a tech you are required to give your credit card information 1st and the cost to talk to someone is ? $1.29 a minute! Regardless of the outcome. You should also know that the "fix" the tech suggested was a 3rd party freeware software program used to reformat the video file that adds 1-2 hours before recording and is not Windows XP compatible. He was very rude, talked over me and when I tried to suggest more was wrong with the software (software didn't recognize the DVD-RW as 4+ gigs, but instead read it at 700Mb) He cut me off in the middle of a sentence and put me back on hold - where I had been for 45min. prior!!! So this is what I wrote to the sales dept. - NEW or POTENTIAL BUYERS BEWARE!After hours of trying to get thru to the Ahead Software Tech staff and giving pre-authorized funds with my credit card to do so, I found the tech very un-helpful with his advice and rudely speaking over me ending with being put back on hold right in the middle a of sentence? I never raised my voice to him nor did I try to speak over him while he spoke over me. I find it hard to believe that a software company as large as Ahead/Nero has absolutely no control over their employees and leaves no recourse for the consumer (the people that help put them where they are today) such as a link and/or phone number to report such incidences. I have immediately put a dispute in for charges I may incur and would never consider paying for a representative of a company like Ahead/Nero to treat their customers in such a manner. I'm sending this "E" in trust that it makes it to the right desk and expect I get a reply in a timely manner.P.S. - If anyone else has had simular problems I would love to hear about them as I am not done with them yet. I plan to take this as far as need be to have something changed!
The tech support sucks.  I spent hours trimming and editing a video of my son.  I went to burn it to DVD.  8 tries later it still wont burn.  Customer support was horrible. Their end solution was to uninstall and reinstall.  I burnt the SAME .avi files with another product and it worked, NO problem.  This tells me Nero sucks.  I will end up buying Sony Vegas after I try the Demo.  It sounds like a better product.Did I mention that Nero sucks?
The Amazon description is misleading. You CANNOT burn unlimited MP3 files with this version - you are limited to 30 mp3 files total with a "demo" license. To burn (mp3 encode) unlimited mp3 files you must purchase the mp3pro plugin from Nero ($35 for the CD). So, this is not really an all-in-one software solution for multimedia files.
I'm disappointed.... The installation process failure, and Ahead Software does NOT have any telephone support.  I tried their web site but there is no Nero 6 specific help available.  The only recourse has been to plead for help via E-Mail.  No reponse received yet!!
As mentioned in other reviews, the support from Ahead Software is sorely lacking.  The website does not have a searchable knowledge base and the FAQs are poorly done and missing some known errors.When installing the program I kept getting the dreaded error 6 copy file error.  I am trying to download the very latest version off the web and using my serial number to activate it.  If this doesn't work I will be taking this product back.
I would have no idea how well this product actually works as I have yet to successfully install and operate it on any of my computers. The drivers are antiquated, bulky and the setup is needlessly complicated. If this weren't enough, the customer service is quite possibly the most worthless I have ever dealt with. This company obviously doesn't take your money seriously.Dan
Makes loud noises and can not sign thru it.It is not worth the shipping send it back,lesson learned you get what you pay for.
Not very well made, failed just over one year old, only the CRT comes on, no display and the power light does not come on. CDROM does not work, tape player doesn't work... looked inside for a fuse and this thing is a mess. The fuses are good but the mass of wiring and patches is a joke for any electronic product on the market. The CDROM connector is bent up because planning was so poor they put a resistor under where the cable needed clearance to plug in.  Frankly, I'm surprised it lasted as long as it did.Very probably my last Memorex electronic product.
I bought this machine for my son for Christmas. It worked great Christmas day and he had a lot of fun. Until it completely stopped playing any CD the next day. Then it wasn't so fun. I'll be returning it and trying a different brand.
I bought this as a Christmas gift from Target. After one day the CD player just stopped working. I took it back to Target for an exchange, but they were out. I was searching the web to find another, and was surprised to find a comment on this site with exactly the same problem. I think I will look for something besides Memorex.
I bought this unit at Target for a special birthday party.  After two songs it quit working properly.  Most people keep saying its the microphone. I find that the microphones were fine, since I got two of them when I bought the unit.  It is the unit that does not work once it gets warm.  This unit should be recalled by Memorex because it does not work and has ruined many people's plans for good fun.  I strongly urge people not to buy this product because of the frustration it causes when you need it.  Target was good enough to receive it back along with the extra microphone I got with it.
I purchased the Rio Chiba with hopes to not have to carry around a portable CD player anymore.  Unfortunately I had to go back to the CD's.  The Chiba's interface and size seemed nice enough to make me buy it, but I only had to listen to it once before putting it down.  I tired a few different songs from different genres (all recorded at 192 kbps or higher) and couldn't get one to sound good.  There was no bass, the mids were thin and the trebel was tinny.  I suppose if you're not huge on sound quality, you may find this unit appealing for it's other features, but if you're picky on sound, look elsewhere (the iPod and iPod clones all seem much nicer).
This mp3 player worked great for about four months.  Then I dropped it about three feet onto soft carpet.  Now it is a handy electronic device that can only display the word "Upgrader" when turned on.  Rio customer support is terrible.  After the warranty period of three months they wanted to charge me $100 to fix it, and they still wouldn't guarantee it.  Their support gave predictable, repetitive advice that only tangently related to my problem.  And I was also able to find more than a few other people with the SAME EXACT PROBLEM! I was not able to get a live response to my problem.So I decided to try to fix it myself, by opening it up (voiding the warranty, but that is null at this point).  Now I can get it to respond while the USB cord is plugged in.  As far as a portable, mobile mp3 player goes - Nope.I would never buy another product from Rio.  Not because their cheap mp3 player is cheap, but because they do not support their products.  I would be highly concerned that they would have the same terrible customer support should anything happen to ANY of their products.
I, like many others, have a SoundBlaster card. Cakewalk has numerous problems with SoundBlaster. It took me two hours to figure out how to just get some sound out of Cakewalk. I recorded a ten second vocal test but it wouldn't play back, nothing came out. Turns out there's some deeply embedded setting you have to change in the software that you can only figure out after hours of searching through online chat-rooms.The metronome doesn't work through the speakers, it only comes out of the PC's internal speaker or MIDI. Being a musician I have no need for MIDI.I'm a 16-year techie who happens to also be a musician. This is one of the worst pieces of software I have used in my entire adult life. If you're a musician who just wants to sit down, press record, play some music, stop, play it back, tweak it a little, add more tracks, etc....sounds simple right? Don't buy this software. You will be screaming at the top of your lungs for a whole day and then putting it on eBay in an attempt to try and recoup the $150 you just spent on it.
Somee how is defects. Doesn't work. I bought female to male adaptor to connect withmy karoke . No sound at all. I havw to send all back..
i have tried so many times to get this stupid thing to work and there is nothing!!!!!!! and now it's too late to return it! don't buy it!
I just recently bought two 57's from two different Amazon dealers at a very cheap price of $70. After testing these microphones with other Shure 57's and having a couple of expert local sound technicians spec-out the microphones, we discovered that these microphones were total counterfeits. True Shure microphones are typically very high quality microphones when they are direct from the Shure factory. If you go for the deal, check your microphone as soon as it arrives. If there are problems with your high-end being very sensitive and feeding-back and you have no low-end, it's probably a counterfeit. Shure 57's are pretty well balanced across the board with very little adjustments on your EQ.Go ahead, pay a higher price and buy them from your local music dealer or from an Internet store that you trust. There are counterfeits out there...be careful!!!I normally rate genuine Shure 57 Microphones as 5-stars.
dont buy it, it cut out your voice.the cable itself look good but internally is no good at all. Find other brand. I thought this is good enough but at the end money is dog gone even it is less than $14.
I just wanted to state that I have been a fan since the early 90s and love all the 80s albums they put out.  Now I can say that the darkwave era is dead and so is the music.  All I can say about this album is that it seem like left overs from the notes from the underground album and it is pure club synthpop Oomph sounding and there is only one song that relates to the older what use to be wiser xymox.  I am deeply disappointed and will always cherish the first two or three albums but as for the newer stuff.  I shall keep my pennies for another rainy day!
Received item broken when it was listed as like new condition. Picture clearly shows two microphones but i received only one and it was broken. Karaoke player was horribly scratched and dirty. Very disappointing!
Plain and simple, this music sucks. If you want music like this, save your money and wait until you go to trim that big hair at SUPERCUTS. You'll hear it there. I don't anticipate them playing Coltrane any time soon.I do get a good haircut there, though. I just bring an Ipod.
I've owned several versions of MusicMatch and was very happy with the software, especially the library features.  I'm currently using version 8 Deluxe which I expecially liked for the super-tagging capability.  BUT every time I start it up these days, I'm informed BY POPUP that my deluxe features have expired and that I need to upgrade to the new version 10 (free) or purchase plus again ($20).  There is actually another option of receiving all future Plus upgrades for an additional $40.  Frankly, I've been quite happy with ver. 8 and was totally unaware that the Plus features expire -- until this happened.We can argue all day about the fairness and costs (which I think STINK!) but my overwhelming gripe is that there is no way to get rid of the popup.  EVERYTIME I START THE PROGRAM, I HAVE TO DEAL WITH THEIR POPUP!  I've searched their website and found no help, personalized tech support is only available for 1 year, and I tried a couple popup blockers to no avail.I don't care how great their program is, they have no right to repeatedly bombard my system with their STUPID notice to upgrade.  Until this problem is fixed, I will never buy another upgrade and will start examining alternatives more seriously, and since Yahoo evidently now owns this software, I'll never again use Yahoo!YOU BET I'M MAD!!!!!!!
I have a Dell xps with 1024 ram, windows XP pro and 120 GB. I installed musicmatch and it immediately disable my Nec 1100a DVD/CD read and write drive. I tried to enable the driver through my &quot;Device Manager&quot; (which showed the drive disable), and when I tried to I got error message that there was a program conflict and windows could not enable the drive. I sent a e-mail to tech support two days ago and still have not heard back.The only other product I have that uses the drive is Roxio 7.I have uninstalled musicmatch  and used the windows &quot;restore&quot; to get my computer back to where it should be with my NEC 1100a DvD/CD--R/RW drive working just fine.My advice is to stay away from this product because of conflicts that may arise with other programs and the piss-poor tech support !!!!!!
As there isn't a version 10 on Amazon.com I had to use this area to warn everyone. I turned on the computer this morning and booted up v. 10 as normal to listen to music while I did my thing. I have the deluxe version of 10 that I paid good money for and was astonished to see this morning that it had expired!!! All of the features that you pay good money for - super tagging etc...will no longer work until I pay them more money?!? DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT as you won't own the extra features you get over the free version YOU ARE SIMPLY LEASING THEM! Before today I would have given Music Match v. 10 5+ stars as the features are great and the speed is great for use with ripping and relabelling your music collection. As you can see from the other reviews, the On demand junk that they try to get you to pay more money for as well isn't worth anything either. Put simply, DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM MUSIC MATCH!!UPDATE: I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau about the deluxe verison expiring as well as put in a report to the Bad Business Bureau. I received a response from Yahoo in response to my complaint to the Better Business Bureau a day later with a new registration key and an apology for the misundstanding (which I have to ask...what misunderstanding?) I sent a reply back asking if the key would expire but have heard nothing back yet (3 business days later). I received an e-mail from the Better Business Bureau today asking me if the problem was resolved because of what they sent me (new registration) I responded by telling them no, it's not resolved because I don't know if the key expires or not. I'll update again once I get a response. **Special Note** If you also plan on filing a complaint to the Better Business Bureau be advised that Yahoo now owns MusicMatch so fill it out with Yahoo's corporate address of 701 First Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94089-1019 with phone number of: 408 349-3300UPDATE PART 2: I finally received word back from Yahoo customer service that the new key will not expire. While everything seemed to work out for the best I would highly recommend avoiding buying MusicMatch at all costs unless you plan on going through what I did.
I was very disappointed to find that some of the nice features such as supertagging expire. You don't really buy this product, you lease it. This is a nasty practice that was abandoned years ago by reputable software developers. Don't buy it unless you are willing to pay over and over again for the same features.
Zero stars to ANY software that will not run on both Macintosh and PC platforms, especially music software!
This mixer does not have a BPM counter AT ALL. AND the cd players do not read burned cds. I plan to sell my mixer and will think twice before I buy another Numark product. This thing is a piece of junk.
Momma always said, "if you ain't got nothin nice to say, don't say nothin at all."
My DVD Studio Deluxe v6 is a frustrating and difficult to use software for DVD creation.  Additionally, Sonic does not offer patches or updates to this version for problems.  Seriously not recommended.
I just wasted $121. I bought the softwareto burn DVDs from TiVo downloads. It was recommended by TiVo.  It doesn't work. Can't get technical support unless you are registered.  You can't register because Sonic/Roxio returns a message that something is wrong with their server. And on and on.  The software sucks.
Absolute waste of time and money. #1: install disk has a setup file that causes install not to work on some machines. Have to figure out on your own, through vague knowledge base, then download proper setup file and copy everything to HD to install. Already that's a lot of time wasted. #2: unable to consistenly capture from Sony D8 camcorder- MyDVD drops it intermittently, other capture apps capture fine. #3: after going through hoops to get video captured and ready to burn, after one or two failed attempts at burning (stability issue), final disk is not usable because audio and video are out of sync. #4: tech support is a joke. Nearly useless knowledgebase, unresponsive tech support staff. DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU DON'T WANT TO WASTE LOTS OF MONEY AND TIME.
I installed the game for my students. It would not start up. I wasted my money, and I was one computer game short in my classroom!
I received this CD as a gift a few years ago.  You get your average fair of Christmas songs(Silent Night, Jingle Bells, We Wish You A Merry Christmas),  sung by (apparently) two different choirs; aside from a piano, there is no other instrumentation.  But what is so shocking about this CD is the low fidelity audio.  All the tracks sound like they were mastered from a consumer audio cassette that some parent had used to record their child's school or church concert (with the recording stereo being placed on a pew or chair I front of the choir at a practice).  The sound is very muffled, plus there are numerous instances of distortion on the CD; a lot of times the piano and vocals, even on a good stereo, sounds tinny with very little dynamic range.The other CD's in this set clearly came from more, professional, masters than this disc.
The music is pleasant but the mood is ruined by the overly close miking of the saxophone.The volume of the breathy sax is fine but the breathing and spit rattling around as Scott blows into the thing is often louder than the sound of the music coming out of it. It sounds as if a speaker is blown or one of the amplifier channels is breaking up. I wondered why they didn't just delete his playing (which was quite fine) and re-record his sax all over again. The liner notes indicate that it was recorded live in a studio with the string section, so I guess it was all or nothing. Considering the usual quality of this label I'm surprised they would have bothered to remix this for multi-channel and release it because, you can doubt me and buy this, but when you listen to it if you have a half-decent surround set-up and aren't going deaf, the rattling spit coming out of this guy's sax will really irritate you and blow the mood... cause it ain't relaxing! The surrounds are used mostly for ambience and are not strikingly obvious. This release was originally recorded for and released in stereo and it shows. Too bad really because the music was beautiful... but that sax man, that rattly phlegmmy sax... not pretty, not pretty at all.
Being a professional music transcriptionist, as well as a composer/arranger, I need to stay open-minded and up-to-date with music software, so I purchased the Finale 2004 upgrade even though it made me nauseous.I've limited the amount of jobs I will accept that require the use of Finale because it takes more than twice the amount of time to accomplish anything in this program than it does in programs like Sibelius, which are designed to be intuitive and user-friendly.I am a long-ago Encore cross-over, and I have given ALL programs a fair shot, but unlike all of the Finale &quot;power users,&quot; I don't have the time in my life anymore to devote to conquering a program... I just need something that makes sense and gets the job done right, quickly and professionally.  When I had trouble just figuring out how to put a NOTE on the page in Finale, some users suggested that I hire someone to teach me the program from the beginning, and that way I'd know how to use it.  Why did they suggest this?  Because I found out that all of them had to do the same thing in order to learn it themselves!  Well, I've used music notation programs quite successfully since I was in high school and I've NEVER had to hire someone to teach me how to use them, so I don't understand why I would have to do that today.I believe that's why I've settled quite happily with Sibelius as my personal choice for notation -- it made so much sense that after a few days of using it I was already accepting jobs with it.  That program teaches YOU how to use it, it's so intuitive.  If you don't know how to do something, you just guess, and it works!I also need a program that is cross-platform... I haven't loaded 2004 for many reasons, the main one being that the few jobs I still accept on Finale come from MAC users who are now stuck in 2003.  Since it's not my program of choice, there is no reason for me to have this version, and as time passes I'm realizing that there is no reason for me to even have this program at all.  I've been employed consistently as a transcriptionist and have not had to use Finale for several months.Don't upgrade this wretched program...  It's time to look into the future and move on without it.
I purchased this hardware/software package March 21, 6003.  I quickly learned it's obsolete. The recording and ripping went fine, although it took a while to become accustomed to the best way to do it. The input via USB is a great idea compared to going through your soundcard. Afterward, the fun began. In my manual, written with a type size that almost requires a magnifying glass, it said that I should go to a CFB software link (the software developer) to download a free encoder so that I could convert the wave files to MP3. No luck, no such thing exists.  Instead, I was told that the software (3 weeks old) needs upgrading to Version 8 which includes the encoder and costs another $50, at a discount for recent buyers. Big deal! When I wrote to the company in Australia pointing out that reputable companies upgrade newly purchased software for free, they essentially told me too bad. On top of it all, this software contains no means for removing pops and clicks from records or tapes as my old Pinnacle/Steinberg software did.I'm now annoyed at both Xitel (the manufacturer) and Amazon for selling obsolete stuff and probably will never use Amazon again.What a ripoff! A good idea turned into a partial program, expensive but not complete. If I had bought at my local Frys, I could have returned for the new edition within 30 days.  Thanks for nothing.
Hildalgo has a strong accent which in and of itself is not a problem in relation to following his instruction. But, the back and forth Spanish to English approach with sub-titles makes the DVD laborious to follow. This DVD would have been better coming in separate English and Spanish versions.
I bought this program after reading reviews of several products. Maybe it's the best thing since sliced bread, but I couldn't get it installed. I called and e-mailed Cakewalk's tech support, and after 5 tries I gave up. I have a new machine running Windows XP, and even though the program is supposed to be compatible, it isn't. I've since heard from several would-be users who have had similar problems. I don't know what to recommend instead of this program, but unless you're willing to pay a high price in frustration, get something else.
I bought this program three days ago, 7/12/2004. I just bought a brand new computer with XP, and a CDRW Drive, and a DVDRW drive came standard with the computer. PYRO 2004 keeps telling me my computer has no rewritable drives installed, so I go to the cakewalk website to download the new drivers list so it will recognize at least one of my drives, and still no sucess. The only way to get support for this product is through E-Mail. Three days and I'm still waiting. I will never buy a cakewalk product again. They use to be good with music programs.
DO NOT BUYIT'S NOT AT ALL WORTH THE MONEY. I HAVE BEEN PLAYNG THE 12 STRING FOR ABOUT 12 YEARS , THIS DVD WAS USELESS / DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
I want the shoulder strap they have pictured with the metal clips, the thickly padded stretchy neoprene and the red diving logo. I purchased the one pictured two years ago and it's still in excellent condition. The crap I received--from it's new vendor LeisurePro--is nothing like the one I want in the picture.This item deserved a ZERO star rating.  So needless to say I mailed back the item to LeisurePro.I also visited their website to see if they had the same picture for this item and they do. I sent a request asking them to update their picture along with the one provided here on Amazon because it's totally misleading.
Very basic, rather uninspired. At times its not clear how included booklet relates to DVD. Sound went dead at 2 spots on DVD.If you go to their website, (there's a sticker with member# inside plastic DVD holder.) you'll find a site with messed up scroll bars, odd mispellings, messages to "click here"-with no place to click. Where one might expect a button to click, other text overwrites that area. They told me they had an "award winning site".Ha!Complained to company. Even though their site accepted my member number as legit, company said DVD was defective as it was probably pirated.When it was shown to be legit, they just fed me more nonsense.Not a big deal. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. Software and DVDs usually can't be returned. A replacement would be of little value, as this DVD is pretty useless anyhow.Almost any DVD would be better than this. It is at the bottom of the several DVDs I bought.Why anyone would pirate this DVD is beyond me. It really is junk. But in China, they actually sold pirated copies of Windows ME.Don't buy this turkey.
I ordered this the same day I ordered a guitar from Guitar Center, If you see "Email for availability" on a web page you are ordering from that means its back ordered. After 20 days of waiting they sent an email stating it was going to be another 30 days. I shopped real stores and bought a beautiful Stratocaster.  BUT by that time my 30 day warranty was up and the M-Audio bearly functions. The head phone jack has to be pulled out in just this special place to work; the USB connection  crackles and cuts out completely sometimes.  My musician friends are back in town and say Line 6 is better.  No matter I'm very happy to be playing again.  The delay gave me time to realize I needed good instrument that is a joy to play and I got this sweet Fender instead of the 150 buck bargain. Oh! the M-Audio was a refurbish...NO bargain
Update: Looks like they actually came through with the VISTA drivers, which were released on 8/22/2008. Since I returned mine, I would love to hear if you have it working on Vista SP1 or better.**** Previous review ****Looked like a decent product, however.... Turns out that the drivers for VISTA are still in Beta after 1 year (last release of the driver is over a year ago). To make matters worse, it is known NOT to work with Vista SP1, as of May 2008. They don't expect to have a driver update until October. However, since the last driver update is over a year ago, I put the chances of a real driver update at near zero. Too bad, looked like a good product.Didn't work on any of my VISTA machines. Sending it back.
Bought one of these a while back. on my first system i was running windows xp pro, the drivers then were bad. since then I've changed to vista 64 bit operating system. big mistake m-audio has no support what so ever. in their forums they have lied to people that they would have a driver out in a couple of weeks. That was nearly over half a year ago. So their strategy is to say this every three or four weeks just to keep you on the edge of your seat. before you buy this just go to their forum on their website and search for mobilepre usb 64 bit and see for your self. stay clear of this company!
I've had mine for several years. It worked for maybe 3-4 months and then it blue-screened my laptop and it hasn't worked since. I thought it was my laptop, so tried it on a new Sony laptop. Dead. Contacted customer support, who had me try several things and then concluded that it was an "interrupt problem" with my firewire port, suggesting I change the interrupt. Not gonna risk messing up my primary work laptop so I didn't go there. Then got a brand new MacBook Pro, figuring it has to work on a Mac. Dead as a doornail, even the Mac OS wouldn't recognize it. All it does is blink, showing that it is getting power.It's easy to blame problems on the software, on configuration, on the laptop for months and months until the thing is out of warranty and then find out it was the interface all along. Now it's just a very expensive ($500 back when I bought it) doorstop.
1- sound quality SUCKS (duh...)2- many plug ins they dont work on pro tools m-powered3- took me about 4 months to complete the buggy initial set up of this junk box,4- when its operating normal the sound would just stop all of a sudden (you'll have to restart your PC )DON'T BUY IT
I'm changing my review from 1 star to 3 stars.Now that my 410 is working, it's great, but it doesn't get better than 3 stars because of all the problems I had in getting it there.This is what I said before it was fixed:"I've tried getting this blasted thing to work for the past 9 months, hoping a new driver would magically fix the problem. All I get is a blue blinking light. I've read all the online advice. Nothing works, including my 410. Stay away from this product."I went back and forth with the M-Audio tech support in order to get this thing to go. The bottom line is this: The 410 is a good product when it's set up correctly, but it is really particular about how it's set up.Here's the trick ... The 410 MUST be the first FireWire device that your computer sees. I don't understand why, but it's true. Also, you cannot connect and/or disconnect it while the computer is powered up. This all brings back the most annoying aspects of the old SCSI daisy chain issues. A real step backwards.Once you understand all that, the thing works great.

First, the good things about this interface:When it's working, it is a great unit.  Sound is clean, and I love all the inputs and outputs.  The software is pretty good, and gives you a lot of options for routing and tweaking.  Notice I said the software is good, not the drivers.The Bad:As I said, "when it's working", which is actually not very often.  If you plan to dual-boot between Mac and Windows, forget this unit.  Every time you boot into OSX, it will pause to upgrade the firmware, then you have about a 50/50 chance of it working, and if it doesn't, you'll have to reboot.  Then, you have about an 80/20 chance of it working.  When you boot into Windows again later, it probably won't get recognized.  You'll be greeted with a flashing blue light that says the unit won't connect.  Then you have to reboot.  If you're lucky, it will actually work on the second or third reboot into Windows.  Are you starting to get the picture?Now, with most units, this wouldn't be a big problem.  You could just unplug it and replug it, and the computer would recognize it.  Except that if you "hot-plug" the 410, meaning plug it in while the computer is running, you will most likely fry your firewire port, making it inoperable for ANY firewire device.  Check the support documents on M-Audio's site and you'll see that they know about this issue, and they warn you against it.So now we have a unit that not only won't connect about 50-70% of the time, but you can't unplug and replug it, which is the most common fix for this problem.  Sounds like a winning combination, doesn't it?As if this wasn't enough fun, I just started having an issue where Logic seems to disconnect this unit altogether.  Whenever I try to play anything in Logic, the unit disconnects, and no audio will play in ANY program from that point on.  This COULD be a problem with Logic, and it could be something I did, but given this unit's reputation for problems, I'm inclined to place the blame there.M-Audio's quality used to be pretty good, but in the last few years, they just can't get their act together at all.  Drivers are terrible, they STILL don't have Vista drivers for most of the products over a year later, and their products seem to just get cheaper and cheaper all the time.Stay far away from this unit.  Don't be lured in by the extra outputs.  You can get much better quality for the same price, and if you need all the outputs, just spend a little more for a better brand.
Horribly designed product, I have had driver issues with it ever since I got it on my Mac. It won't work right at ALL on a new iMac. Not cool, at all. Would not recommend to anyone, will not be buying more M-Audio products.
When i first saw this product i immediately bought it as a cheap alternative to a fullblown CDJ setup,  I installed everything with no problem at all, but once i started playing with it, the right side deck track always started to stutter or play back in a very annoyng way, i think it is all due to the very poor USB 1 connection, My setup is really fine to make music so i think the reason for the crappy playback is mainly the USB connection. I connected it to a root USB as recommended but still didnt have any good response, My PC is AMD Athlon 64 +3500, 1 GB RAM, 160 GB Sata HD, which is more than sufficient to make music or mix, but it didnt work out as planned with the console, i mean i didnt expect the same level of performance with the console as with a real hardware setup, but i must say that it is impossible to work with it since it skips beats on the second track. Tried it for 2 days in diferent computers and didnt work out, Im looking for someone who wants to buy it now.Dont buy it if u plan to rehearse your sets at home, not to say NEVER ever use it to play in a club or party.Why did Hercules make something so appealing and at the same time made it useless using a USB 1 type connection, id rather pay a little more if it had a Firewire port , i think that if this thing would use firewire, there would be no problem at all.One "little" mistake can make a good piece of hardware totally useless... DON'T GET IT.
I am a professional DJ - randomly during gigs/events when I am playing a song, the song will loop or repeat itself in a particular spot, without any notice and without the activation of the Loop Feature or Repeat Feature. The product is made of crappy plastic, and easily scratches. In fact, I've only had the product (I own two of them) for a few months now and there scratched on the sides, and at all the gigs I've DJ'ed with them they've encountered some issue. I am infuriated with this product, and would recommend to all that you never purchase it. Its embarrassing to be DJ'ing a set and in the middle it just stops playing, loops over and over again, or repeats the song. Do not purchase this product.
all plastic easliy breakable, super super twisted speaker wire, one wrong pull or yank and you just broke your speaker wires internally.this is by far the best example of cheap, inferior materials right outta china.
This item does not include the handheld microphone as pictured.  J&R invoice says "not responsible for pictorial errors."  Beware!
just wasnt happy or clear it was only a demo version so was to happy i couldnt use the product for more then 7 days.......
I was recently in the market for a DJ software package so I could transition into MP3 dj-ing. I thought PCDJ was the best software on the market, clearly I was wrong. When the software was functioning (rarely), the features that first attracted me to it worked fine. Then, things went downhill from there. First off, PCDJ has a sound dropping issue. Whenever one would maximize or minimize a window, the sound would stutter or skip, producing a horrendous noise. Visiosonic has addressed the issue, but has yet to produce a fix. It also turns out Visiosonic has a ridiculous licensing/product activation system that will lock you out of the application by changing even the slightest settings to your system's hardware (BIOS update or a video card driver update for example). I paid PCDJ and now I can't use it. Tech support was an absolute joke; it took them one week to respond to my inquiry and finally unlocked my software. After the same thing happened again about a month later, I decided to forget about PCDJ all together. Think twice before purchasing any Visiosonic product, it's just not worth the money. Sadly enough, the application lockout happened right before one of my DJ jobs, a very embarrassing situation indeed. Look at other software packages (heck, even iTunes is better than this) before stooping to this.
This is by far the worst thing I've ever bought on Amazon, and I'm a regular customer on this website. I thought this product would be at least a little useful; I mean I spent about a grand on it. However, to my disgust, it felt more like a toy than something I could actually use for my musician interviews and Youtube videos. I spent some time researching this product and nothing I read was telling me that it was horrible. Nope, I was wrong. It worked like crap. The light indicating it was on would flicker and it would only work sometimes. I practiced with it before my interview and then it didn't even work when I actually needed it to!! I tried everything... tweaking the wire antenna, using newer and older batteries in it... nothing worked. I am so disappointed and I DO NOT RECOMMEND this to anyone!!
The title indicates that this item is PowerTracks Pro Audio Version 11.0.  However, the written description only talks about Version 8.0.  Which version is being offered here?????
The connectors are not Molded ones, they are soldered and screw ones. Hence does not last, and not at all durable. This one did not work on arrival, and I had to manually fix it to get it working. The Cable itself is of very low quality, and gets too much interference when near speakers and/or other instruments.
I used this cable maybe 5 times before it just stopped working for no apparent reason, bad quality I suppose.
Do not buy this cable at all. The cable was broke when I got it. Then when I received a working cable, I still had problems. It had a shortage in the cable.
Cord had to be pinned in certain position to not static the Microphone system, did test to verify that it was the Cord not he microphone.
Plastic connectors.I might return the product latter on after testing  the product description was not mentioned: Plastic connectors at both end one end.
I really did not expect a super high quality cable but I did expect it to last for a few months at least.  I used it twice (regular plug it in and sing kind of use, I am not swinging from it or using it as a lasso...) and now it works intermittently at best.  I bought a more expensive cable at a local music store to ensure the issue was indeed this cable and not my mic or amp.  Save your $$ and buy something else.
Rather than being made to the dimensional tolerances necessary for a solid and secure fit, this cable's connectors were designed with a lot of 'slop', in the hope that a flimsy pressed metal spring cap will take up the slack and somehow be secure. It simply doesn't work. The result is a loose mechanical fit which will certainly introduce noise into your system as the contact pins move relative to one another.After years and hundreds of Amazon purchases I am amazed that Amazon would sell this item. It is simply unfit for its intended purpose.Thanks to Amazon Prime's return policy I don't expect any problem returning this. In the final analysis it is Amazon which will sustain the loss, but don't waste your time with this cable. Amazon offers superior cables for a few bucks more.
