This is and excellent edition and perfectly true to the orchestral version!  It makes playing Vivaldi a joy!  I uses this for a wedding and was totally satisfied with the accuracy!
this was written for Carin Levine in 2008, but not premiered until 2011 at the Musica Viva Fest in Munich. .the work's premise maybe about the arduousness, nefarious of existence, how we all "Work" at life, at complexity, at densities of differing lifeworlds. Ferneyhough's music might suggest that these multiple dimensions of an ontology exist in diagonals across differing spectrums of human cognition, how we come to think about an object,aisthetic shaped ones, and expressionistic ones as his music.The work has a nice classical shape,and holds the "romantic" at bay; a mere 7 plus minutes for Alto Flute, a neglected wind cadre member.The work has gorgeous arresting moments with a great bounty of extended timbres-pointillistic bursts" Klangfarben Sehr Kraeftig" that you do grow weary of; it is almost predictable now hearing these works; you know they will inhabit a dense timbral space of mega-speed lines tossed in all registers;still one listens; that gap Freud speaks about, that we know we need this at some level. . .the music slowed at times for structural rigour.. .  we have a dramatic causality at play in the subject,(the work's title) the arduousness of pushing, aspiring, working toward something; pleasurable illuminating or not, How about emancipation from itself;I guess we need forget the production of surplus value herein,even with the rebellions in current urban areas today; It has no place. . .  these constructions  are leftovers from modernity, the "gods" still hover. . ."gods" that Ferneyhough has no power to dispel. . . . All are now commonplace for the new music literature of music.This music still sound quite stunning, marvelous and evocative today,it is simple at some level, direct, unencumbered and violent with spit-tongues,gratuitous lines, fluttertongue,percussive slap-keys,tremoli wistful glissandi harmonics, fast filigreed lines, and simply threadbare melos, an austere fragment of what was a melody. . .Claudio Arrau said someplace that the performer the musician must emanate a "work" while playing music, a "struggle", aesthetic or otherwise, Sviatoslav Richter thought this grotesque, to look at a musician playing the great music. It was ugly for him. . .You can hear Ms.Levine on youtube playing her work, she is quite convincing, you always need to impart an authority,succored in an emotive focus that the music itself has not succumbed to your own possession. You play the music, it doesn't "play" you. . . I'd hope though that music with this arduous construction and structural vigour that it would in fact come to possess the performer. . .it is one of the last libidinal pleasures remaining. . .
I've played guitar for over 40 years, but it's been mostly folk music and classical and I only got bitten by the Blues Bug about 2-3 years ago - and EC was the prime reason for that (and also for my initially starting guitar back in '67 when he was in Cream, but I was looking at it more from a Rock than Blues perspective back then, not understanding when I was 15 how Rock evolved and is based on the Blues).I first used this DVD to learn White Room and Sunshine of Your Love - Doug Bodouch is fantastic at playing and explaining how and why Clapton played it the way he did.  I was able to join a Blues Band playing lead guitar only a few months after buying this because of the proficiency I picked up by learning and playing along with Doug on these DVDs (I also got the Solo Years and Acoustic Classics).These are HIGHLY recommended by me, and no where does it state these are lessons *BY* Eric Clapton (good luck finding that!).Jim
For those who may not know the Hal Leonard publications and the Signature Licks Series: this is not a DVD of an Eric Clapton show! This is an instructional DVD for those who wants to play acoustic guitar.The instructor is Dough Boduch, a freelance guitarist, teacher, editor and recording artist. He teachs how to play (in the acoustic guitar) 8 of the Eric Clapton tunes presented in Eric's CD/DVD "Unplugged". Songs are: Change the World, Circus, Layla, Malted Milk, Nobody Knows You When You'Re Down and Out, Signe, Tears in Heaven and Walkin' Blues.I think the quality of the image is very good and clean. The sound is also great - when Dough Boduch plays the acoustic guitar, he sounds almost as Eric Clapton in the CD/DVD.After presenting part of the music at the regular speed, the instructor breaks it in several parts, then explain and shows part by part of each song at a very low speed (sometimes more then once) in order to make you get to the point.There is also a chapter used to tune the guitar. The instructor is very good and explains very well. The DVD could be a little bit better if we could have the TABs of the songs, but they're available neither on the DVD nor on a web-site. It seems however that if you get the Hal Leonard "Eric Clapton - Unplugged" play along book you will get there - I haven't check it yet.One interesting section of 15 minutes is dedicated to the techniques used by Eric Clapton and how he uses them: bending, vibrato, pull-off, hammer on, fingerpicking, blues scales and C Minor scale.One more cool section is the jam along section where the video shows the instructor playing but you can't hear him. Instead, you can be Eric Clapton for a day and play the acoustic parts of the song in a Acoustic Guitar Karaoke.To summarize, I found this to be an excellent instructional video, specially for those who are Eric Clapton fans and who already have a knowledge in playng the acoustic guitar. Beginners (such as myself) will probably have to work a little harder before getting the most out of this DVD.
I'm too busy using it to take time out to review it. I suggest that you get it, I did.
great book... you should be aware of blues scales and have a little practice before using it but it will help you a lot. After a few exercises you'll notice some improvement on your style..and 50 licks is more than what you need...cheers from Costa Rica...surf town :)
My Background:In order to level set you as to my comments here is a little about me. I have been playing pretty consistently for about 1.5 years. I still consider myself a novice guitar player. I know 1/2 dozen cords, a few songs, some typical beginner licks and have been practicing the A major and A minor pentatonic scales both in the first position. I am pretty good with those two scales. I have no problem reading most guitar tablature.What You Need To KnowThis is just my opinion. It is key that you can read guitar tablature. Also, it would be VERY helpful if you knew many (more than I do) of the pentatonic scales and several of the positions for each (there are 5 positions for each scale). Mat (the instructor) only shows you one scale and in a single position (A Major "Blues" scale). He does this very quickly at the start of the DVD. It would also be very helpful if you are proficient at bends, hammer ons, pull offs and slides. You will also do better if you have some skill in a few different strumming techniques, including muted tones. Clearly all of these are key elements of blues guitar (actually any guitar work) and he uses them in abundance.The Instruction and Licks:As I mentioned he does show one of the scales he calls the "A" blues scale. However he is all over the place on the fret board (uses far more than just this one scale) and if you don't have some degree of proficiency in playing scales you will not get much from this DVD. He also shows you quickly how to tune a guitar. However I'm guessing that anyone who would remotely be able to use this DVD would already know how to do that.The licks he shows are very cool and if you can learn some of them they can be strung together to really jam. They range widely in level of complexity. There are a few that could be played by a beginner who has little experience (although they are the exception). Any beginner trying to learn these licks would have to be highly motivated and determined. Mat does include the tablature for each of the licks which is very good. In most places on the DVD he shows both of his hands so you can see the fret work as well and the picking. He does slow his playing down and for the most part you can figure out what he is doing. However he is so versed in what he is doing that he does sometimes make assumptions that you understand what he just did or what he is telling you. This is where it will be difficult for beginners.Bottom Line:Pretty cool DVD. With my current skill level I will be able to make some use out of it but by in large it is a little beyond me still. That said I am still very happy I bought it because I am sick of just practicing scales up and down, up and down, without doing anything cool. You can not even get 30 minutes of live guitar lessons for $10. The DVD is done well enough such that if you have some ability to play and want to check out some cool licks it is well worth the money.
After performing bottleneck gospel/blues professionaly for the past 12yrs I've noticed a trend amongst my generation (30somethings) of players which concerns me greatly...wild, fast, sloppy playing sounds more authentic.  I have had numerous conversations with fellow players attempting to convince them that fast and sloppy playing isn't more authentic, it's just fast and sloppy playing.Brozman makes it a point to address just that in DVD 1.  He states that the originators were trying thier best to play as clean as possible but due to bad strings, bad guitars and pretty lowsy recording equipment it created a challenge to do so, although many did achieve very clean playing (Tampa Red, Blind Willie Johnson, Robert Johnson, etc.,).DVD 1 is critical in learning the fundamentals of control, both with slide and picking.  I highly recommend DVD 1 for any players.DVD 2 covers classic detla blues material Brozman style.  Plenty of "tricks" to be learned even if your not looking to sound like a Brozman copy.DVD 3 expands into more open tunings.  Again, plenty of "tricks" to be learned.Whether these are too advanced for the beginner I cannot say because I'm not a beginner.  I can say that minutes into DVD 1 I wished I had these DVD's when I was learning because it's taken me 12yrs to acquire the skills I could've learned in months of working with these lessons.ALl in all these DVD's will help get the wheels of creativity flowing in your own playing...and playing clean.
The Discovery CD has songs for singing and movement. There are some original songs as well as familiar tunes. The Listen and Sing examples are short, easy songs to help students learn solfeggio syllables la-ti-so-re-mi. The Lesson Book CD tells the story of Mozart Mouse and Beethoven Bear exploring the magical music book as they learn to play piano. Children play with their plush toys and play piano/keyboard along with the lessons. The lessons are well organized and fun for very young children. Some of the songs on the Discovery CD include:Hello SongIf You're Happy and You Know ItRacing CarClownin' AroundFinger Play SongHickory Dickory DockMexican Hat DanceBeethoven's Rage Over the Lost PennyMozart's Variations on Twinkle, TwinkleOld MacDonald Had a FarmMister Elephant's Funky DanceSousa's Stars and Stripes ForeverGiant's LullabyDo Re Mi Tapping SongMinuet in FBeethoven's Symphony No. 5Twinkle, Twinkle Little StarPut the Beat in Your FeetGoodbye Song
We are very happy with this series.  My son has special needs and benefits from music therapy weekly.  This series teaches about musical concepts with a story book format.  We also bought the companion CD and stuffed animals.
I would recommend this DVD to anyone interested in the construction and the materials in which pick ups are made from.  The history of the Semour Duncan Company is fascinating.  Anyone wanting a basic understanding of how pick ups works do yourself a favior and buy this DVD.
If you want to know how drummers that have made it actually drum, you'll want this video. If not, you won't.
John Patitucci is not only an amazing player, but also an incredible teacher and offers insights into a myriad of essential & beyond aspects of musicianship on this DVD. Highly recommended for intermediate to advanced bass players looking to expand their playing in a big way!
I'd already seen a few of the lessons online and there was no doubt on what I was in for.A detailed shred of shredding. And Paul Gilbert is a fantastic teacher. And a great artist. He really rips apart his own technique and shows you the light... the rest is up to you. Whether you have the motivation to DO and practice consistently and accurately.If playing fast is the real thing on your mind. Just pick up this DVD and hear your self transform in a matter of months.I used to have this fear of speed. Thanks Paul for dispelling completely. And making it accessible for mere mortals. While I still am not sure I can ever get to the clarity levels that he has on his fast ones... I am definitely not scared anymore to attempt to play fast...Thank you very much Paul Gilbert.
I just got this dvd a few weeks back and I can already feel a noticable improvement in my technique.  In the first section, he goes over picking, 3-note per string scales, chromatic and harmonic minor licks, hammer - ons and pull - offs and different arpeggio techniques, including sweep picking and string skipping.  In the second section, he gives more practical applications of the techniques and offers insight on how to improve phrasing and how to practice soloing.  Paul is a great teacher and he will keep you interested both with his playing and his sense of humor.
There'd be a lot more amazing guitarists in the world.  Intense Rock I is mainly directed at improving technique providing a lot of different 3-note-per-string, string skipping and sweep arpeggios sequences.  Paul does a great job at breaking these things down while giving us a taste of his goofy sense of humor, but for my money Intense Rock II is king.  Among other things Paul covers dynamics and control, and the last segment on practicing alone is worth the money.  Do yourself a favor and pick this up, your guitar will thank you.
Paul goes into great detail on scales arpeggios and everything you need to sound like a pro!!  I would highly recommend!!
This was produced going on 20 years ago, (the 1st half anyway) but is still relevant today.  After the post-grunge backlash of the early to mid 90's it is good to see this style of playing coming back.  Paul is an unassuming character whose delivery & instruction of his style & technique is very helpful & down to earth.  The 1st half of the DVD was done in his early Racer X days & really reflects the licks from that era, as the 2nd half naturally exposes the Mr. Big pop oriented offerings.  This DVD will either inspire you to attempt to reach his level of technique, or really discourage you.  But again, I believe his good nature will inspire most.  I was able to meet Mr. Gilbert at a clinic shortly after "To be with you" was a hit for Mr. Big years ago & he was still really down to Earth.  A whole new generation have the opportunity to learn from him & really should make this DVD part of their library.  Just do your best to ignore the 80's-90's "production" :)  Also the addition of the .PDF files for Vol. 2 is a nice touch!
Best guitar instructional video that have seen in my 20 years of playing. Comes with video tabs which is great too!
This is the best purchase anyone can make if you want to shred being that finding a good teacher that can teach this skill is not easy. Paul besides being an incredible player covers all bases of Alternate Picking and String Skipping like he was in front of you. This is worth every singe penny. Now you have both instructionals on one DVD for the price of one!!!!I own a vast array of instructionals, and if you only had 17 dollars to spend on a dvd, this is the best money you'll ever spent. Paul teaches shred like he was in front of you and believe me, no one posseses that skill. I also recommend his other instructionals after you are ready to move forward from this one Terryfying Guitar Trip, Get Out Of My Yard and his latest, Silence Followed By a Deafening Roar.RATING 10
I have been playing guitar for more almost 20 years and I wish I had this DVD back when I was trying to develop my shred guitar technique. Couple this DVD with a book like Speed Mechanics by Stetina and you have all you need to start shredding. Paul is such a virtuoso shred player, he will blow you away with licks played at the speed of light!! He however slows  all these licks down and even shows every small detail in achieving these licks from alternate picking, sweeping, sequences, sweep-tap, legato and more!!You will also need a metronome and LOTS of practice time to learn these techniques. When you master them you won't regret it since you will playing with terrifying technique.If you want to play like Paul Gilbert and other master shredders out there, this is the DVD to start with. And for this price you can't go wrong.
Paul Gilbert is one of the best guitarists in the world. Lucky for us, he's also a really down to earth guy and is a great teacher. While all of Paul's DVDs are great, Intense Rock helps you lay the groundwork to play shred metal.From the first simple exercise to the last terror lick, Intense Rock is an exercise in the development of shred technique. Paul is a great teacher who actually slows down the licks and explains how he plays them. He certainly isn't too haughty to forget what it was once like to be a student. Pair this up with Troy Stetina's shred masterpiece, "Speed Mechanics for the Lead Guitar," spend most of your free time practicing, and you'll be able to shred. (There's no great secret to technique! It takes time, drive, patience, and belief in one self.)John Petrucci's Rock Discipline is highly recommended as well, since Petrucci, while less wacky and attention-grabbing than Gilbert, is a great teacher as well. Although, I would say it's better for those who've already bettered there technique, and have, thus, seen some concrete rewards for their playing. The Intense Rock ( and Speed Mechanics, for that matter) exercises are very musical, and are therefore easier for the beginning shredder to practice for an extended period of time, than Rock Discipline which has a lot of (valuable) atonal exercises.
This video guitar lesson is for those who want to get a bit more technical into their repertoire. Intense Rock 1 has old school Paul (good old Racer X days) teaching us the basics of soloing, scaling and just good guitar playing overall. I like how he also incorporates funny skits in between sessions which is great cos learning guitar is meant to be a fun experience too (in his case anyways). Intense Rock 2 kinda builds on the first, introducing a few more patterns and sequences. Paul continues his humorous presentation keeping the audience awake and laughing. I play with a whammy bar so it's a bit of a shame PG doesn't like it too much but that's his playing style I guess.Overall PG is a cool and fun down-too-Earth guitar teacher you won't be disappointed. Oh and did I mention he's the world's 4th fastest guitar player?
I've worn out this video over the years cause I got it on VHS,now its on DVD! My few comments on Paul Gilbert is that through his playing,he show's alot of discipline and passion on the way he play's. but most of all, he's passionate about music thats why he got to the level of where he's at. I've meet him couple of times at a NAMM show and it was like talking to the next door neighbor. no rocks star attitude just plain Paul Gilbert DOWN TO EARTH...If your like me who's alway's practicing to get better all the time and to learn more, GET THIS DVD and apply the skills you learn from Paul in a band situation when its called for. I happen to be fortunate that growin up in the 80's doing this stuff called shred playing was the NORM back then, so I caught up to this GIT style real quick and for the most part,this was the ticket to be in a band back then.if you've never done this kinda stuff then be prepared for some seriouse learning curve adjustments. Dont give up keep up on practicing and discipline,some things dont come easy but when you get there, its personaly an awesome accomplishment,convidence builder. but most of all one's you can master 2 or 3 of Paul's licks it comes easier cause it builds on top of each other. happy picking and have some good laughter on Paul's humor...
Jerry Lee tells it like it is here. Also you can see the position of his hands on the piano keyboard, so if you are inclined to copy his style of playing, you may do that.
A bit about me - B.M. Berklee Col. Of Music, studied with Gary Burton, Mike Stern, Jeff Berlin, Bob Berg etc. Lots of gigs and then an MBA to pay the bills.  Does this mean I know what I'm talking about - no. But, it means I've heard a bunch both good and bad. Yes, the synth tone is God awful and the production values are sub-terrain an but this is the single best DVD to help you navigate 'jazz' changes.  Mr. Henderson revels how scales relate to chords in a systematic and though  manner that will give the tools to unlock your ability to play modern chord progressions.  The section of the DVD devoted to phrasing is brilliant -  a must have if you want to avoid the stream of eights-notes saying nothing that is so easy to fall into.  It will take some studying on your part and good deal of sheading before you can make this material 'yours' but it is such a valuable tool I cannot imagine a cheaper and easier way to get from point A to B.
scott Henderson is a jazz/fusion guitarist with excellent skils!there's a lot to learn from this video, so take your time and tryto get all you can from it, it will surely help any guitarists skillsat any level!!!!
This DVD is very informative, and has alot of easy-to-understand technique to save your vocal chords!I recommend this to any screamer/growler at any level, beginner to advanced.Following the instructions in this DVD, I have been growling safely for days... Although i haven't quite figured out how to Scream yet, I wasn't able to extract that much from the DVD as of yet.A good DVD!
i was a bit suprised to find that there wasnt much info on actually screaming on the dvd, until i figured out that all the breath control and positioning of the voice IS how you scream, overall this is the best vocal instructional dvd i have come accross. and the cd that comes with it for the warmup is invaluable!!buy this dvd!
According to Melissa Cross's website [...], this DVD is intended to teach the foundations for 'screaming'. There is a second DVD available that teaches 'screaming' more in-depth (The Zen of Screaming 2), but this DVD is not currently available on the Amazon.com website. It can only be purchased on her website as of right now.
if like me you've been wanting to learn hardcore style metal screaming or just learn how to perfect your voice buy this....
If you are the least bit sceptical about this DVD look her up on you tube. There are quite a few postings that show her at work. The DVD starts the viewer from the beginning, she never talks down to you. But, she does make sure that the basics are covered. I recommend this to anyone that can't talk after a show.
Nothing is more frustrating than being in a band, knowing what you want to do, but being unable to get there--either because you're not warmed up, you damaged your throat the night before, or you just don't know what you're doing. This DVD will help you solve all of those problems!I've fooled around with other kinds of vocal instruction, but they are all too clasically based. Melissa Cross get's it. She gets that rock is not supposed to sound like opera. She has found a way to apply traditional vocal training without altering the intensity and grit essential to rock singing.She covers everything from breathing and talking to hitting your pitch and screaming without hurting yourself. If you check out the bonus features she even swallows a camera to show you how you can hurt yourself while singing.When I first got the DVD, I was afraid it would be a bunch of people screaming because they couldn't be musical in their band. But it turns out to be anything but that. Its great to see all of these guys who sing some really heavy stuff challenging themselves to be more musical and more expressive without killing themselves or sacrificing their artistic vision. Only Melissa Cross could get these guys to do this.If you are a rock singer (you don't even have to be a screamer--though screamers are welcomed) or want to be a rock singer, you need this DVD.
I bought this DVD for my daughter, who is interested in screaming, not singing.  I watched it myself, and feel that Melissa Cross provides solid input for singers of any genre in this DVD.  I've been struggling with learning to sing (not scream) lately myself, and was very surprised at how helpful her information, exercises and visualizations were for me.Melissa knows her stuff!There is a fair amount of cursing in this DVD from the students who provide testimonials for Melissa's teachings.  I could do without all of these testimonials, but must admit that they do more than serve Melissa's interests.  They also show that there are actual performing musicians out there that are using these techniques successfully, and that gives you faith in the techniques.  (e.i. these guys are obviously cool, and they do this corny stuff, therefore this corny stuff must actually be cool - and it is because it works!)
My teenage son heard from a friend about this CD.  He and his friends love to get together and play their "screamo" music, and whatever comes to mind.  My son wanted to learn to sing screamo without damaging his throat.  He said this CD helped him develope that technique very quickly and easily.
This is a go to guide to learn how to use the breath in singing, in any style, including screaming.  Melissa put together a great tutorial for anyone who wants to learn what it takes to make it real.
This is a fantastic DVD. I have kids in my classroom (High School in NZ) now wanting to do singing lessons and learn more about using their voices, especially boys. Thank you Melissa Cross for your inspiration and the simple method which makes kids want to sing. Brilliant.
The only downside is that the production seems to have been executed by someone who normally does infomercials. Echoing other reviews, some of it comes off as an ad. That said...My voice would most likely be in much better shape if this had been available 10 years ago.  On one hand, the natural gravel that comes with completely destroying your vocal cords does sound kind of cool at times.  On the other, it would be nice to have the choice to turn it off.If you are a metal singer and you pay attention to this DVD, it will be one of those events that may not garner the significance it deserves but none the less will positively affect the musical aspect of the rest of your life.Although much damage has already been done in my case, and I'd already learned many of the lessons from experience, TZOS did introduce me to some new exercises and very practical techniques that have had an immediate impact on my performance.Any metal singer would be foolish not to check it out.
If you have ever thought about singing or doing anything vocally, this DVD is for you.  This instructional DVD is easily worth ten times the price you will pay for it.There are the following on this DVD:Vocal exercisesWarm upsCool downsBreathing techniquesTongue twistersScalesHow to find your pitchHow to expand your rangeHow to hear yourself - this one is most important because you will never have a bad night because of a bad mix or no mix etc. after using this DVDProjection techniquesHow to bring clarity to your notesVisualize notes - no more scooping to get there!How to push your voice and not blow your voiceHow to speak when your not singingHow to scream without tearing your vocal chordsVocal rest (how to recovery from vocal injury)How to get round full sounding notesTaking breaths between notes or wordsSyllable accentingAnd of course the all important, Brown Note!This is more for singing that screaming - but screamers will get more than they bargain for with this DVD.
The DVD arrived in only a few days and works great. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to learn &#34;extreme vocals&#34; or just wants a few quick tricks for singing exercises.
Had this video when it came out on VHS and had to get it again for DVD... great, useful education from the master.
I own 12 other guitar instructional videos and "Power Lines" is in my top 3, all time favorites*.Most of the the material is not too advanced, maybe high level beginner and above (you should already know how to alternate pick well, the major scale patterns/modes and a bunch of basic chords in several positions).  Steve has a teaching style that persuades you to believe you'll be able to play what he does (maybe not as fast).Steve plays a couple of songs off "Southern Steel" (my favorite Morse album) and being able to see him play them, live, up close and flawless is so inspiring (although it might make some want to give up guitar...don't).Only thing I could take any points off for is a lot of what he plays isn't covered in the the short accompanying booklet. I have to pause the video a lot to see what he's doing and which fingers he's using.  Also the notation/TAB for "Tumeni Notes" is only for the first part of the song.* other 2 are Don Latarski's "Guitar Theory Basics" and Frank Gambale's "Chopbuilder".
Brilliant product, so worth the buy. Helped so much and made such a huge difference to my understanding and abilities.
Just as great as the first. Couldn't be happier with any other vocal instruction series. Thanks Melissa for yet another awesome DVD.
As an experience screamer, this DVD saved my vocal chords from dying after not screaming for 2 years. The technique she's using with low volume is amazing, I could be screaming for hours without anything happening to my chords.I wish I could meet her personally and thank her.
First, this is NOT another "how to play bass" program. This is simply one of the best bass players in the business sitting down to a friendly chat and showing you how to develop a feel for the music you are playing and adding your own flavor to the tune while locking in with the other musicians. Most people who play music instruments might call themselves "musicians," yet only really be "players" of particular instruments playing someone elses music. You really only achieve the level of "musician" when you understand both your instrument, and the music you are playing, well enough to add your own particular "flavor" to the pieces and communicate musically to both the other players and your audience. Randy takes you through the process of doing this on the Bass, although I believe his ideas on this DVD translate well to anyone trying to be a musician, regardless of the instrument they play! The DVD also comes with a PDF file that gives you the sheet music/Tabs for the riffs he plays in the video so it will help you experiment with some really cool riffs and techniques you may be interested in such as slap and pop, muting, and ghost noting. This video is well worth the cost if you are a serious musician looking to expand your knowledge of musical groovin and the Bass in particular.
The video starts out with Mike Inez talking about his career and when he joined Ozzy, which is an awesome story and could be a DVD all on its own.  The lessons are Mike showing you how to play 2 Alice in Chain songs of which he also gets a drummer and plays the song at the end of each lesson, very cool. I got the DVD because I wanted to be able to see his technique and hear his sound. This video did not disappoint. The sound and quality is very good, and it was well worth what I paid for.
The book solved many of the problems that I have with analyzing chord progressions - some of this information I haven't seen anywhere else. Very impressed. You won't regret buying this - one of the best instruction books I have
This DVD is Great!  If you are interested in playing Jazz this is it! In his DVD John Riley presents exercises to improve skills and timing and gives ideas how to combine all these to up the level of your drumming. The DVD also has play along tracks and a printable pdf to the various exercises so you can chop it out at your own pace. Very helpful for me as a beginner.  Make no mistake this DVD has challenges and benefits for all skill levels. I will be able to watch it a thousand times and pick up something new each time as I progress. My favorite section is the creativity part where the author breaks down some signature patterns of the greats like Max Roach, Art Blakey, and Elvin Jones allowing you to learn and incorporate these "tributes" in your own personal style.. I really appreciate these little stylistic breakdowns! Great! Great! Great!  Mr. Riley shares his love for the drums and inspires with his knowledge and interest in the art.  Overall a great tool for me to become a better drummer and keep challenging myself!Blickum Blickum Brrrappata splash
John Riley's books are great and so is this DVD. It was well worth the purchase for me, if for no other reason then for the tip about stick wax, which I'd never heard anyone mention to me before. I began using it immediately and I really love it! But the playing is phenomenal and the DVD is loaded with many examples, when worked on as instructed will strengthen your groove tremendously. Thanks John!
I am an intermediate/advanced drummer with a rock and blues background.  I was stuck in a rut playing the same things over and over and wanted to explore the world of jazz drumming.  This dvd has given me about a years worth of new material.  The instruction is amazing.  The disc comes with play along tracks and tabs for a lot of the exercises.  The disc shows groves, fills, literally everything.  I love it.
John Riley has once again raised the bar in drumset education with his soon to be a classic DVD, The Master Drummer. As with his books and anything he has published, his informative and extremely well organized approach to musical drumset playing has been artfully broken down into four main components. Sophisticated but practical concepts are very thoroughly presented and demonstrated with the deft musical touch that has made John one of the true giants of the drums. Very rarely do we encounter a musician with both musical and technical brilliance who has the ability to convey the information in a manner we can absorb. John Riley is all of this and more. Please take advantage of the DVD, it is a wealth of information.Joe McCarthyLeader/Drummer Afro Bop Alliance 2008 Latin Grammy WinnerAdjunct Professor of Music, Georgetown University, Washington DC[...]
I won't say what's been said already. All I can tell you is that this DVD should be in every serious drummers library. There are horrible DVD's, fair DVD's, good DVD's,and finally a "GREAT DVD" put together by one of the best musicians in the business. John shows the importance of having a thorough knowledge of the history involved and where it can take you. For the first time a drummer actually teaches about listening to the other musicians in the band and says what needs to be heard by all aspiring jazz players. Great job John!!!!!John Riley truly is a Master Drummer and one of the greatest music educators of all times.
I recently purchased this DVD over the weekend and it's the best DVD for guitartheory and harmony I have found to date! I wanted a video that I could use alongwith Mick Goodrick's The Advancing Guitarist book as a visual aid/reference.ThisDVD starts out from "square one" with the notes or musical alphabet A,B,C,D,E,F,Gwhich is actually the Aeolian Mode or Relative Minor.The instructor uses the ideaof playing up and down each string,one at a time.After you learn all the naturalnotes on each string,then you learn how to create the Major Scale.Then you learnto play two note harmonies or Dyads.Later comes Triads,4 note chords,etc.There'splenty to keep you busy for quite some time! The disc has written music for eachexample in the DVD too.A DVD like this has been long overdue and less than the costof 1 private 1/2 hour guitar lesson.Great reference material or those who are inneed of a theory/harmony review.Buy it!
I am not ashamed to say that I am limited. Reading is something I really like to enjoy but th limitations that hold me back take the enjoyment out of what was a pleasure. I do the best I can but usually I am disappointed with the limitations of being held back. To make a long story short this Dvd is a pleasure to watch. I have a fair education (with room to grow) and I could follow and learn from this Dvd from watching it like a movie. I also can work on detail over and over agian. The material is easy to learn if you have a basic understanding of music. The extent to a three hour video with fretboard and theory education is as basic as the scale to a lot that you stuggle to understand like fourth sixth sevens 145s (plus) made simple to grasp by a great (priceless) instructor. Worth every dime.
great vid to understand dimes playing style a little more. But to truely understand it you have to listen to all his music.Great dvd though it comes with a PDF file on the dvd, so you can visually see the notes being played.An amazing Dvd it came from mailbox straight to dvd player!as dime said &#34;Getcha Pull&#34;
This is pretty insightful for learning some of Dimebags best riffs. The only weird thing is Nick Bowcott is left handed so it makes it kin of hard to follow sometimes. Overall this is pretty cool.
For real, honest, really inspirational with excellent playing, and telling. Strongly recommended to all with an ear for music, regardless of style.
This dvd hit the spot just right for me. It's a conversation with Billy and his mentor about an approach to kit that is all about being in the moment, freedom of expression, and the ability to express yourself through percussion at any given point in time. It hits on many of Billy's influences and gives a good portrayal of his overall philosophy about drumming. The drum solos using both kit and auxiliary percussion are fantastic. If you are a fan of Billy, MMW, or just want to see a drumming dvd that takes a different approach then this is definitely the one to pick up.
id like to start out first by addressing the other comment (above or below mine). there actually is a pdf file with all of the lessons in tab form on the actual dvd. just open the dvd file in your computer and its there, as stated in the description. now on to the dvd. personally I think this is awesome. I have been playing guitar off and on for about 20 years and have always enjoyed studying randy rhoads style. and this is by far the closest I have gotten to exactly what he was doing including his mindset on what scales and modes he used, sequencing, patterns etc. you wont learn any songs on here but like I said, you will learn where he was coming from in his songs. if you want to learn songs id suggest the phrase by phrase randy rhoads dvd. get this and that and you will be well on your way to understanding his style. enjoy !!
I bought this for my 9 year old daughter to learn on. The guitar instructor praised the craftsmanship for a starter guitar, solid build with no shoddy workmanship. The instructional materials have really helped bridge the gap between self-study and formal lessons, they keep my daughter in practice between lessons. The tuner is super helpful for a beginner to help keep the instrument in tune, which for the first month or so is essential as the strings loosen. I highly recommend this for any parent with a guitar interested child.
I bought this guitar for my granddaughter, it was her favorite gift.She has been playing it non stop since she received it.
I have limited musical experience, and this was purchased for my 6 year old daughter, but the quality seems to match the price, and the items included in the pack seem to have been a good place for both her and myself to start with learning to play guitar.I got what I expected, and have been nothing but satisfied with the product.
I bought this set for my daughters when it was a Gold Box deal, so the price was right.  It includes an electronic tuner, DVD, a small computer program, and a soft guitar bag.While I'm certainly no expert on guitars, I have owned a few inexpensive acoustics.  The hardware on this guitar is the best of that bunch.  No sharp edges on the frets (those pretty much ruin the experience), and the finish is nice.  The guitar as a whole feels more solid than I expected.  There are no pegs for a strap.At 3/4 size it's still a bit too big for my girls (8 and 5), but they don't seem to mind.The DVD is great.  Small, easily completed lessons (handily cut up into individual chapters) by a pleasant enough teacher.  Get through the whole thing, and you feel like you have moved forward.  The computer program is very small - it looks like it has been around since the MS-DOS days, and at 640x480 it is a bit smallish on the screen.  But it includes a nice little tuning app, with both pitchpipe functions and a tuner (requires a mic, of course).  The program also has a chord chart.  The CD-ROM useful, but don't make it the main reason you buy this package. The tuner is comparable to other $10-to-$20 tuners out there, with an input for electric guitars.  All in all, a great value (at least, when it was on sale).
We purchased this guitar for our 10 yr old, son. While it was a bit smaller than we anticipated, it was a nice starter guitar. His instructor found it to be of very good quality and when he played a tune on it, it sounded incredible!
I got this for my grandson for Christmas. He loved loved loved it. Since he lives out of state from me I'm not sure how his lessons are coming along. But the joy he had strumming it while he was visiting just warmed my heart. I would highly recommend this product. The quality was better than expected and everything was included just as described. My son in law thought I had spent a small fortune on this so finally I filled him in that it was very reasonable. You won't be disappointed if you purchase this guitar.
I really liked it, my 10 years old daughter just small like this guitar perfect for her and the price not bad specially for christmas gift
I examined the item and the Guitar plays good for a starter and the quality was above what i expected.I will definitely recommend it to anyone. I know my child will love it
our son would not put this down!  he loves it and is always using it, e even wanted to send a video to his grandparents!
My 10 year old daughter just took up guitar lessons.  We have no musical experience, so we really had no idea what she needed, but did our best with info we got from her instructor.  Turns out, this was perfect.  Fits her great, tunes well, and the instruction book was the one her instructor wanted to work out of.  And for the price: $50.00, we couldn't go wrong!
PRODUCT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED. MAILED IN A VERY TIMELY MANNER .GOOD PURCHASE EXPERIENCEAND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY ONE WHO HAS A CHILD WANTING TO LEARN TO PLAY AN INSTRUMENT.
I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly i received my order. It was in excellent condition. I'm a totally satisfied customer. I wouldn't hesitate to order from them in the future!
Carter Beaufort is a bad ma fa, and this dvd is amazing.  If you don't watch it, you can't drum.
Excellent DVD.  Carter lays it out nicely.  His tips and licks are a fantastic asset to any drummer.  Highly recommend.
Deep in the heart of Women lie secrets that we men will no more discover than a treasure chest in our back yard, yet despite that fact after seeing this film, I had a new understanding about the jewels women possess internally. Wynona Ryder, Claire Danes, Trini Alvarado, and Kirsten Dunst, play four sisters(Joe, Beth, Meg, and Amy) that live the role's of fantasy within a hardened reality.  Due to the tumultuous force of the Civil War, their family has fallen from a pedistol in society to the grand standing heights of togetherness and warmth within the means of their own spirits. Their father rages on the battle-front while Marmee (Susan Sarandon) keeps tight her little women from the casualties of daily life. Little Women inspired me in all ways that my emotions would allow, while all the while Thomas Newman's soundtracks gently guides you through the steps of their failures, triumphs, and hysteric's.  After countless viewings (35-55) it has stood against the test of time that sometimes fades the impact a movie creates. After 7 years Little Women still fascinates me as much as it did on my first viewing. Love, distrust, death, and creativity, within these, their bond's of family strength hold them.  There are lesson's to be learned if we are willing to open our own hearts to them. To our friends, Loves, and families, there is something to be gathered from these little women. That lesson is the importance of togetherness.  ~S.A.O.S.~
packege as discribed - highly recommend seller to all parties - was well priced within the market.  I love these older movies and find they relax me to sleep LOL which is a good thing I promise/
Watched it with my wife (she begged and I felt obliged) and I enjoyed it. I'm a real man if it helps for those debating at the moment whether they will lose some masculinity watching this.
This one of tge greatest classics there are.  If you need a pick up or a good cheer, this is a great one to do it. Full of love, hope and determination.
I love all the actresses portrayals of the characters and feel they really brought them to life. Casting was dead on and made it even more enjoyable.
Family friendly.  The movie has a love interest, a conflict, and a resolution.  But it still has an element of surprise.  I loved it.
Little Women has become my families favorite movie. My 2 sons 11 & 6, as well as my 3 year old daughter absolutely adore this movie. It is a story of generousity in times of hardship and shows the value of holding tight to your family. Jo definately steals the show with her unrequeted love/friendship with Lawri.
This movie's setting in Concord Massachusetts and that little place has such incredible historical significance.  This movie is not only entertaining but educational as well.  I am so glad that my 11 year old enjoyed it along with me.
Winona Ryder was nominated for an Oscar for her portrayal of Jo March and after you watch it, you can fully appreciate the intensity and vulnerability of her performance.  While Jo is the heart of the story, this is an ensemble movie with some of the best actors alive.  Kirsten Dunst simply shines as Amy, so much so that it is a disappointment when the second act roles around and she is replaced by the far less competent Samantha Manthis, who does not look like an older Kirsten Dunset at all.  But Gabriel Byrne, the always-fascinating Christian Bale, Claire Danes, and Susan Sarandon more than make up for it.I was only slightly disappointed by the director's commentary.  Most of what she had to say was interesting and I truly enjoy the process of film-making, but she seemed to drag in some places, along with her commentary on the two deleted scenes and why they were deleted.But the film itself captures the spirit of the novel in every way-- its music, its costuming, its art direction.  It makes one long for the time when the English language was written and spoken as it is in Little Women.
I'm having my 4 & 5 year old watch classic movies and then we're reading the books and the 5 year old loved it.  My 4 year old got a bit bored, but did pretty well overall.
Very much enjoyed this DVD.  The acting was superb, and the plot was good.  Also liked the filming - beautiful scenes.
To start out, this is one of my favorite books. So I of course started out with an additude to begin with, muttering that the book was always better. In this case, I was so wrong. The characters portrayed in this film are the same ones I met in 5th grade when I first read "Little Women". The actors shine in their roles and truly embody everyone one of the literary creations they represents.Playing the March matriarch, Susan Sarandon is great! She is able to maintain the feel of the period while bringing to Marmee an empowering bout of women's rights thoughts. Sarandon gives off warmth and knowledge wiht the apparent ease of someone completely familiar with the material.Wynona Ryder is another standout here. She is the raging bundle of emotion that we have all come to know as Jo March. Playing down her usually unique features, Ryder plays the part with spunk and earnestness.My favorite here is Christian Bale as the oft put uopn Theodore "Laurie" Lawrence. Quite a jump from his "Newsies" days, Bale is the best Laurie I have seen on screen to date. He has the mannerisms and lines down to perfection, while still maintaining the spontanaity that really is a huge part of Laurie's character. He also handles the age jump incredibly well.Not until my most recent viewing of the movie did I realize Gabriel Byrne was Professor Bhaer. The native irishman does a great job of bringing Frerdrick to life, right down to his physical bumbling and poetic heart.In my opinion, this movie was a complete triumph and a complete success from novel to film. All actors are fine in their roles, most exceptional, and it is such a joy to see an old favorite and all-time classic brought to life which such enthusiasm and talent. This is a must-see for any fan of the novel~although it will leave you yearning for "Little Men" and Jo's Boys" featuring this cast-which has yet to be done!!
The book that Louisa May Alcott wrote touched us all, and now the movie is even better. It's a heartwarming family movie, that is now my favorite. I recommend every one see it. I believe it will touch you.
This is one of my all time favorite movies.  It's one of those movies that I just haven't bought yet because it's so special and I don't want to over watch it.  But when ever I just am fealing like I need to see a good movie, something that I love, it comes on TV and so I watch it and it makes me feal good cause after I've watched it I've cried a little, I've smiled a little, been a little bitter that Christian Bale falls in love with Winona Ryder and not me, and in the end everyone seems so happy.  You just get so involved with the lives of these &quot;Little women&quot;  it just makes you feal so good inside and warm.  I love this, and now that it is out on DVD I think I am going to buy it to add to my collection to make sure I have it for all time. I reccomend this movie for people who love sweet movies that make you feal good on a rainy day.  It is great!  An all time favorite!
It didn't come as fast as it said, but I did receive it and my wife loves the movie.movie.
Everyone involved in this beautiful film brings together a story that feels more like a sweet melancholy melody than a dramatic story. If you love this movie, please also purchase the soundtrack CD which is wonderful listening.
I have loved this movie since I was young and I'm so excited to now have it on DVD and watch it anytime!
A simple but well constructed story of an era gone by.  Family life is depicted with a strong mother influence since the father was away at war.  Her values supported and led her daughters through difficult times.
This was a great thing. I am so happy that I got it. It is a great movie I love.
I love watching this movie with my grandma who is 89 years old and will be 90 this September.me and her also love the books too.the movie is one of the best movies I've have ever seen and I really enjoy watching it with her and by myself too. I got this movie down in florida last year for a 1dollar and it's in great condition too. I would love to time travel back to that time and see what it was like to grown up then.i love old fashion movies and books too.my grandma and me watch it last year in florida with my dad too. he didn't enjoy it like me and my grandma did.i can relate to all of the girls and I don't have a favorite there all my favorite.in florida it's was me and my grandma first time seeing the movie and we both love it dearly.i bought her the books for her birthday and she enjoy them so much.i also bought me the books to and I'm re-reading them again for the 5th time.my grandma read the books when she was a child but never own the books until last year.the movie is the most wonderful movie I've ever seen and I've seen so many movies.i would say if you love the books and want to see the movie then pick this one.to me the girls where meant to play these girls.i would love to meet Louisa may Alcott and just sit with her and talk and other stuff. if you love the movie then read the books.the books are little women,little men and jo's boys in that order.i love to read and watch movies but this is my favorite movie and also my favorite book series too.
I first saw this version of Little Women years and years ago, when I was staying home from school with the flu. My mom had bought it, and she left it out for me to watch. I fell in love with it, and have since learned the entire movie word for word.I've never read the book, but I know that I would most likely enjoy it.It's appropriate for absoloutely any age level, and the costumes and sets are extremely accurate to the period. I would highly reccomend this film to anyone and everyone!So stop reading reviews and buy it! You will not regret it.
I saw this version on "Little Women" shortly after reading the book, and was pleased with how well it followed the book.  True, the screenplay did invoke a little modern feminism, but there was a feminist movement during the 1860's; it was called the suffragette movement.  The Marches were transcendentalists, and as such, were greatly involved with all of the social issues of the day including child labor and rights of women and blacks.  Knowing this, I did not have a problem with some of the liberties taken by the screenwriter.  I feel this adaptation of "Little Women" was much more faithful to the book than the Katharine Hepburn/Janet Leigh version.  That version seemed to center mostly on the girls fighting for the affections of Laurie, which was really a minor plot line in the book.  The older version also made Marmee into a fretting, hand-wringing worrywart instead of the truly courageous woman that she was.  This version of "Little Women" was beautifully acted, beautifully filmed, and beatifully scored.  I can't pick a favorite performance, although I am a bit partial to Winona Ryder and Christian Bale, the latter playing a flawless Laurie, and the former inhabiting the very spirit of Jo March.  I've seen this movie many times and cry at about half of the scenes.  This gorgeous movie never grows old, the mark of a truly great movie.
...I almost have to say I liked it more than the book, which is heresy for me. This is the only movie that makes me cry every time I see it. Granted, they took some liberties like making Marmie a feminist, but I can't oppose that, even if it isn't perfectly accurate. A marvelous movie.
I like the family atmosphere of the story. I'm saving this as a good November story to celebrate Thanksgiving. I enjoyed the twist in the plot added to the old story.
This was always a fun favorite that I could never locate in a store! Arrived super fast and glitch free :-)
Very well done.  Jo has much more depth than the silly older version with Katherine Hepburn. Enjoyed it.
My mother loves Little Women and has only had it on VHS until now. I decided I better buy her a DVD copy since our old VCR is bound to break down soon. My mother and sister always have loved this movie and book together.
This is one of those movies where if it's on, I have to watch it. I love the feel of this movie and around the holidays, I just love how it makes me feel. I am a sucker for a period piece and this one is flawless. None of the acting or clothes seem out of place for the era. The majority of actors just can't pull it off and end up over acting. Everyone in this cast did an excellent job. I checked out the old version with Katherine Hepburn and I cringed all the way through it at her horrid idea of what &#34;quirky&#34; might have meant. She looked like a pure idiot and I was embarrassed FOR her.  Winona Ryder was as natural as they come and never once mistook quirky for imbecile. lol
Greak remake of a clasic film. My sister loved it 60 years ago. Still good. Am passing it on to the young girls I know.
This movie is great to watch at Christmas time. I think it is not as detailed as the book, but definately as good. Though in the book, Louisa May Alcott focuses on all the girls, but in the movie they focus on Joe, it is a bit of a tear jerker, but still farely jolly. It's wonderful to curl up on the couch on a snowy or rainy day with a soft blanket and like one piece of kleenex. I recommend this movie to pretty much anyone.
This 1994 retelling of the Louisa May Alcott classic glows with a warmth and radiance of a terrific cast. This production was lovingly dedicated to kidnap-murder victim Polly Klass, who had considered the novel to be her favorite, and on whose behalf, as it is well-known, Winona Ryder, a former resident of Klaas' neighborhood, helped in the search.The flaws of the film are that it occassionally goes out of sequence; those familiar with the book know that Beth does live to become an aunt, and it doesn't go into full detail on the subject of Amy's will, although that topic is beautifully covered in one short sequence.Susan Sarandon's Marmee has a staid, dignified charisma as a free-thinking woman dealing with many tribulations but who does a superb job of bringing up her four girls alone while their father is at war.Trini Alvarado is a surprising choice for the part of the older sister, Meg. But she is very much up to the challenge. We see her as a fine, strong, principaled young woman who craves the things girls traditionally crave, but who is tempered by the moral guidance of her mother.Winona Ryder is perfect as the tomboyish writer, Jo. Her spunk and cheerfulness are sheer delight as she portrays a young woman ahead of her time in so many ways. She is plucky and rescourceful in some pretty unconventional ways at times as she helps the family through its hardships.Clare Danes' Beth, the quiet, ill-fated sister, is warm and generous as a middle child who honors the strenghth and nobility of her mother and sisters during her short time on Earth.Effervescent little Kirsten Dunst, gives spark to young Amy March, and Samantha Mathis who has the acting genes of her talented grandmother, Gusti Huber, lends a graceful maturity and radiant beauty to the older Amy.In one of her final roles, Mary Wilkes, ia a rather crotchety Aunt March, who seems to enjoy the company of her young nieces, but who refuses to overindulge them with her wealth despite their poverty. Florence Patterson is the March's wise and emotional housekeeper, Hannah. Christian Bale's Laurie is impish and understated, John Neville is his reserved, but ultimately generous grandfather. Eric Stolz provides a pleasant presence as John Brook. Matthew Walker isn't given much to do as Mr. March, but somehow, it doesn't seem to matter. Gabriel Byrne is much more handsome than Alcott's description of Professor Bhaer, and his portrayal, like that of the principal characters, is one of effortless warmth.The sets and colors seem authentic, and the film's appeal is that the cast really brings them alive. We can easily share the laughter and tears of this family and we don't feel that they are some archaic prudes from a very different time. The fact that I can see a bit of myself in each of the sisters makes this story as relevant today as it was a century ago.
i ordered this to watch with my granddaughter. i really like this movie. it was just what we expected. I would order again. thank you
I thought this was very well made. Good production values, no skimping on sets. Pretty well sticks to the book, which is included along with the DVD, so if you have never read it, you have that opportunity, as well. As is often the case, the book includes a little material not seen in the film, but the only way that can be remedied, generally, is by making a longer film, something which is often not practical because of theater screen time, and even DVD capacity. If you have already read the book, I suspect you will like this. Certainly, if you like as many as two of the actresses seen here, you will like it.
When I watched this remake of Little Women for the first time I remember that I was a bit disappointed. Artistic license was taken throughout the movie downplaying religion, inserting feminism, and changing characters in various ways, so that one might very well ask, "Is this really Little Women?" But the movie remains in my library and I can't tell you how many times I've watched it and thoroughly enjoyed it. I cry every time. Each time I wonder do I have another tear left for this movie? And sure enough, before I know it I'm a basket case--what a catharsis! One downside--soft voices and subtitles--I prefer voices I can hear and no subtitles!The cinematography is breathtaking, the music haunting and lovely, and the characters grow on you. So what if they made Marmee into a feminist or that Winona Ryder, as Jo, is far too pretty so that one must almost laugh when she laments that she's ugly and awkward. So what if Claire Danes as Beth is a healthy-looking girl or that Kirsten Dunst as young Amy is childish? Somehow you grow to love these characters. And you'll cry when Beth dies whether you feel that she looks frail enough for the part or not. And, oh, don't tell me that Gabriel Byrne as Mr. Bhaer doesn't make a wonderful suitor! He knocks this 66-year-old lady's socks off! He's handsome and yet European enough to make you believe, whether he has the German accent right or not, that he's a professor, a bit different, someone whom our free-thinking Jo can love.So although artistic license is taken, this movie still resembles the book and adults and children of all ages can enjoy it. I have one criticism of a small detail which seems important to the story. It's not made at all clear as to why Jo is trying to hide out at the dance--no mention is made of the fact that the back of her dress is scorched from standing too close to the fireplace. And when Laurie looks at the back of her dress, one wonders why unless one, of course, has read the book. I loved the book as a child and read it many times, but I'm well aware that some of our young people may not have read the book. They have added things to the movie that aren't in the book and taken things out. But, still, the bottom line is that the moral values are excellent, the story is heartwarming, the characters are endearing, and it will tug at your heartstrings.I tried to do a review of the 1949 Little Women and the powers that be stated that I'd already done a review, so I don't think it's possible to do separate reviews for the various versions of Little Women. So I'll just state here that all the versions have something good to offer. I can't say much about the TV movie with Meredith Baxter Birney and Susan Dey because I saw it just once many years ago. I remember that it was hard for me to really get into that movie, though, because the actors were so familiar to me. I am one of those rare individuals who hasn't seen Winona Ryder in other productions and I will even admit that I'm not much of an old movie buff or even a movie buff at all so I haven't seen a lot of Katherine Hepburn. Katherine Hepburn is the perfect Jo, I feel; she is a wonderful Jo. In fact, she is my favorite part of the 1933 version, with the women who play Beth and Amy tying for second place. The 1933 version overdoes the playacting. The singing is atrocious and it's just not the type of thing you want to watch over and over. You tend to want to fast forward. I think the 1949 version is almost perfect and would perhaps be even more so if Katherine Hepburn were Jo. June Allyson is wonderful. But Hepburn is quintessential Jo even though she is almost too beautiful for the part. But she can make the funniest faces which compensate for her overall beauty. She can actually make herself look very homely just by mugging for the camera. The 1949 and 1933 versions stick more closely to the book which, let's face it, makes more sense especially when you have read the book. I loved the book, and I think that if I would have seen the 1994 version as a child I would have been rather disappointed--I would have wondered what happened to Little Women. But I will admit that as an adult I really enjoy the cinematography and the music of the 1994 version. It never grows old. It's just a feast for the eyes and ears. Little Women is a beautiful story for children and adults and I just can't say enough about how wonderful it is that it has been brought to the screen so many times--each time in a slightly different way.
This is a wonderful movie a must have for getting closer to your family in a way one can't explain . This movie will help you see who you realy are . Leaning On God is the one and only way to see the Truth about how our live's are to go . This movie will bless you in many wonderful way's . God Bless
This movie was funny, sad, and touching. It was about these four sisters who have to cope with there dad being at war. A definite 5 star!  P.S. The book is really good, too!
I hadn't seen Little Women in a long time, so I forgot what a great story it is! I loved following the lives of the March family, and really appreciated the outright feminist views!
This movie is one classic movie. It is good to watch it with family, friends.. ;)
Little Women is my favorite movie of all time.  It tells a story of 4 sisters.  While watching this film you are taken through their fun times, their dreams, their trials and heart aches.  This Film was so well cast.  Wynona Ryder did an incredible job playing Joe.  She is such a beleivable character and everyone can relate to her.  I think the most important essence that this film portrays is the emotion.  Joe longs for her career as a writer.  You follow her path of trying to write the right peice.  Through the relationships with her sisters she finds her greatest tale was beside her all along. A warm heartfelt movie, that leaves you sobbing.
Best version of Little Women I've seen! It really brought alive the characters from the book; just as I always thought they should be!It will definitely remain a favorite and one I must share with my family!
This movie is a trip into the past when life was not so busy and stressful, as it so easily can become today.  Life was simple and children had time to dream and use their imaginations.  Family took first priority above everything for most people and strong bonds were formed out of love and necessity.  All this was presented in this movie through good script writing and good acting.  We appreciate good, clean movies with uplifting and encouraging messages.  This movie ranks high among our favourites.
I mistakenly rated this a 5 star before realizing this is the version I returned,did not want, and ordered the one with the cast of the original I saw, starring Margaret O'Brien, June Allyson, Liz Taylor, etc., which in my memory rated a 5.  I am waiting for time to view it when I will not be interrupted by caregiving for an ill family member.  Thank you.
This is how movies should be done. Talented cast, and a well written script. It has heart and soul, it warms your heart.
I LOVE this movie. I can watch it over and over again.  The characters are just great. The story is strong. It covers family bond and strength, friendship and love.
I bought this DVD as a gift for my wife.  She loves this movie.I ordered the movie via amazon.com and it came from a different seller, but everything went smoothly.  I had no issues and not concerns when the movie arrived.  I was going out of town for the holidays and the movie arrived in plenty of time for me to take with me.
This movie brings all the joys of home on to the screen it is so diverse also it is great as a holiday movie or just a hot summer day when their is noting to do Claire Danes is great you really feel for her a treat for all  ages.
Of all the versions of Little Women that I have seen, Gillian Armstrong's is the best!  She definitely chose her actors/actresses well - the cast includes: Winona Ryder (Jo), Claire Danes (Beth), Trini Alvrado (Meg), Kristen Dunst (Amy), Christian Bale (Laurie), Susan Sarandon (Marmee), and Gabriel Bryne (Professor Bhaer).  What an astounding performance they gave - this movie made me laugh, cry, and feel for the characters each and every time I watched it!  . . . And though some of my favorite scenes from the book were missing, it still portrays the characters extremely well.  I love this movie and highly recommend this to all Little Women fans, the people who didn't bother to read Little Women, and everyone else!
have loved this story for so long and love this particular version the most be ready to laugh and cry with this one
ALTHOUGH I LOVED THIS MOVIE, IT HAS A TON MISSING ALSO, COMPARED TO THE ORIGINAL.  THERE IS NO PARTOF THE MOVIE END, WHEN THEY GOT MARRIED, AND STARTED THE BOYS SCHOOL,
This is a great book for anyone to keep in their library.  I've read it twice and watched the movie many times.
I love this movie; it's a classic in my household. Although it doesn't follow the book, it is a very good movie for all families and people to enjoy.
The movie is great! It came on time and and it works just fine. There is really noting else to say!
This movie, the story line as well as the scenery and music, is like balm to my busy frazzled soul. Also, it just wouldn't be Christmas until I watch it with my daughters. I love this version!
This is a truly wonderful movie. It is a beautiful adaptation of a beloved book. The film strays from the book a little, mostly by rearranging the order in which things occur. It also gives Marmee (Sarandon) a feminist twist, which is fine by me, but may bother some purists. I was also dissapointed that they pratically obliterated the character of Mr. Laurence. Ryder does a great job as Jo, capturing her firey spirit. Gabriel Byrne was absolutely perfect as Professor Bhaer! This is one of my favorite roles to watch him in and his final scene with Jo is so touching and beautiful, it just makes my day! The rest of the cast was wonderful, with the exception of Samantha Mathis. Her portrayal of the older Amy was so stilted and cold, I couldn't understand for the life of me where the younger Amy went and why in the WORLD Laurie chose her. Little Women is a beautiful film with a gorgeous score that keeps you suspended in its world. This is a great movie that everyone can enjoy during the holidays, or whenever.
We loved the book and can't stop watching the movie!  My daughter is 5 - year - old and it is one of her favorites!
Louisa May Alcott's Classic novel of sisterly love is brought to life in a truly remarkable motion picture production.Little Women is a vibrant,lavish version of this timeless classic.The costumes,sets and acting are very well done indeed.I feel the films strongest point however is Winona Ryder's engaging portrayal of the storys main character &quot;Jo&quot;.It's although Louisa May Alcott had her in mind to play this part when she wrote the story over a hundred years ago.The story of a young woman irevocably engaged in her talent and passion for storytelling and the loved ones around her.An acting triumph for Wynona Ryder!A great family film and also a film to enjoy with whoever you happen to be watching with.A truly inspiring Tale,I loved it!
Christian Bale is great, Winona Ryder is the best she's ever been, Susan Sarandon brings tremendous complexity to what could have been an overly familiar character, Gabriel Byrne is terrific and very different from anything else he's done, etc. right down the line through the whole cast.Gillian Armstrong's direction is seamless and invisible in the strongest way, getting the best from her actors, cinematographer, designers, and the story itself, while never making you conscious of all the style and tone she's bringing to it.While it threatens to feel to Hollywood/sappy/ period-stogy for the first few minutes, stay with it., It quickly warms up and comes to vibrant life, turning into a wonderfully winning proto- feminist story, very touching, and full of unexpected moments and twists.One of my very favorite period family films.
I have read the the book for the first time two years ago, and fell in love with it! After I read the book, It watched the movie. I was so surprised that it was really similar to the book. And added a few things that wasn't but made it look perfect. If you haven't seen it, you are missing out on this great classic novel turned into a great movie!
I love it! Such a classic movie with amazing music. Also, you really can't beat the price. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
This version of &quot;Little Women&quot; is quite fine, really, and there is very little that I can find to criticise.  Winona Ryder does a good job as the independent Jo, the other actresses are also very good in their roles. Susan Sarandon is, alas, wasted in the role of Marmee but pretty much any good actress would be-- Marmee is a 2-dimensional character, all kindliness and charity.  Marmee is not much of a role, and Ms. Sarandon does not try to make it any more than it is because it would not add anything to the story to try to find additional dimensions.  Excellent actress that Ms. Sarandon is, she also knows what an ensemble cast is supposed to be and she does what is needed without upstaging anybody or anything.  If I wanted to go looking for problems in this rendition, I would have to say that the only one would be with Winona Ryder as Jo.  She was really too young to be playing that part, which is more than that of simply a tom-boyish girl awkwardly trying to find herself an identity as a woman.  Winona has done some really fine work in several films, and she certainly isn't bad at all in this one [especially in the beginning of the movie], but she is out of her depth in 1994 playing a young woman in love with a much older man.  Gabriel Byrne is as close to perfect as you can possibly get in his role as Professor Behr, but Winona is hardly more than a teenaged girl and her responses to him are a bit &quot;off&quot;.  I think it's because she was so young here and life experience was working against her for the latter part of the film.  Otherwise, the film was tastefully and artfully done.  I give it 4 out of 5 stars.  It's definitely worth your time to watch.
Purchased this film to replace a VHS. Wonderful story of a family growing up during hard times in Massachusetts. They share some of the most cherished and painful memories of self-discovery as they are guided through issues of independence, romance and virtue.Great performances by Susan Sarandon (Marmee), Winona Ryder (Jo), Trini Alvarado (Meg),Claire Danes (Beth, Kirsten Dunst (Amy). Also pleasant additions of Gabriel Byrne and Christian Bale.
Little Women is a book classic, unforgettable for a great deal of readers, and Amstrong delivers an amazing remake, with beautiful performances, breathtaking scenery and stunning soundtrack. A true pearl!
My memory of the movie (when it was released) was how wonderful the scenery (filmed in British Columbia) and the period costumes were in the movie! They really set the tone for the film. When I purchased and watched the DVD, I remembered the performances by the many young upcoming stars were what carried the story: Christian Bale, Winona Ryder, Claire Dane and Kirsten Dunst. And the movie was not without good seasoned actors and actresses like Susan Sarandon. I believe this is a very good realistic rendition of the story.
I have seen this movie before and loved it. I was just in the mood. I think all of the actors played their roles beautifully. It is warm and loving story.
ordered this because we were both autiditoining for this show. That way we can wathc it and know what play is like
How I wished I was a part of this family! So loving and close knit!Great acting and scenery.It seemed deeper than just acting.I simply loved it!
This movie is great for the whole family. It is a nice reliable movie that all ages would enjoy. I would definitely watch this movie if you havn't already. A++
I remember seeing this movie in the theater, resigned to hating it, but I think that it's the best rendering of _Little Women_ ever done. Winona Ryder is better than Katharine Hepburn. The music is excellent.
Enjoyed this version of the classic Little Women immensely.  Even my husband enjoyed it. I highly recommend.
I first fell in love with the book as a child and thought this movie was a wonderful adaptation of Alcott's writing.  Definitely a feel-good, nostalgic movie.
This has become a holiday tradition to watch this well acted holiday movie every year with the whole family.... You should add it to your collection.
This was the perfect Christmas gift for my daughter in law.  It is a classic as well as a wonderful collector's series.
One of my favorite movies of all time, both for its beautiful cinematography and gentle humor. The director captures the period perfectly, and the acting is superb. It is one of the best family films to come out in the 90s. The world needs more high quality, wholesome movies like this! Bound to become a classic.
A timeless classic.  I have several versions.  This version being equal to the classics and my daughter's favorite version.
I think it's a very well done movie, with great actors..I love the period and how they captured their lives in such a true spirit.
This is one of my favorite books and the movie does it justice. The &#34;dream-team&#34; of actors practically guarentees this movie to be a great succes...and it is. It's up there in the annals of classic Christmas films, as far as I'm concerned. The soundtrack is beautiful as well as the set and costumes.  This is one I watch with my daughter and grand-daughter.
The 1994 version of &quot;Little Women&quot; stars Winona Ryder in an  Oscar nominated performance.  This film also co-stars Susan Surandon,  Gabriel Byrne, Christian Bale, Claire Danes, and Kirstin Dunst.  The star  power alone in this film makes it worth watching!  This film is faithful to  the book &quot;Little Women,&quot; by  Louisa May Alcott, which it is based  on.  I have seen &quot;Little Women&quot; dozens of times and I highly  recommend it, especially to families, children, and women of all ages.  Byrne and Bale are both romantic and unforgettible and the lasting love and  affection between the March sisters is endearing. The film takes place  during the Civil War, which the father is off fighting.  This leaves Marmee  to raise their four &quot;little women,&quot; conservative Meg, impetuous  Jo, who longs to be a writer, fragile Beth, and romantic Amy, who desires  to be an artist and marry a wealthy man. Marmee guides them in generosity,  independence, virtue and romance.  The sisters share their most cherised  and painful memories growing up.  &quot;Little Women&quot; is a feel good  movie with heartfelt emotion and humor, well worth buying and watching  again and again.
Absolutely wonderful movie that I and my teenage daughter loved sharing together.  I highly recommend for a nice bonding moment.
The movie of "Little women" is heartwarming, full of family adventures in life - touching, exciting, encouraging.  Family values shine and give a good example of how we should live our lives and it is applicable for today.Little Women (Collector's Series)- Get your popcorn and those you love and ENJOY.
I am very pleased with my DVD I wanted. It is one of my favorite movies and am happy to have it on DVD.
Although I've watched this movie several dozen times, I still have at least four hearty cries every time I watch it.  The acting is superb, and I love Ryder's portrayal of Jo (reluctant to let go of her girlhood and unhappy with the changes her family is undergoing). Christian Bale was wonderful as Laurie (though with him as Laurie, it's hard to understand Jo's romantic rejection of him :-) This movie is a modern gem.  The soundtrack (which can be isolated from the DVD) is very beautiful as well.
I wanted to order this movie as a little Christmas gift for myself, and I am amazingly disappointed that it is currently not available! There's nothing better on a winter's night--or any night, for that  matter--than a  mug of hot chocolate, a warm pair of slippers, and Little Women in the VCR.  I have gotten all of my roommates hooked! We rent it on a regular basis  whenever we have spare time between final exams or term papers. Winona  Ryder was deserving of the Oscar nomination she received for her portrayal  of Jo! As a matter of fact, all of the actors were outstanding! Having read  the book numerous times since I was a child, I find myself even  more  captivated by the movie! (How often is that possible! )  The score is pure  magic. The colors are rich. The details are superb. While I'm usually not  one for movies that end up with everyone living happily ever after in an  all-too-convenient way, Little Women makes me feel content with its loving  ending, rather than cynical. An especially good film for children.
My favorite book and movie around the holidays and always! The actors in this version make a difference. I always cme back to it at Christmas
Little Women is one of my favorite movies.  I thought it was time I bought my own copy.  For me this movie is a must see at Christmastime !
Watch this every year at Christmas  time, very heartwarming.  Continue to enjoy year after year.  The ultimate family movie for everyone.
A delightful, well-acted film that stays true to the spirit of the novel Little Women by Louisa May Alcott.  One really doesn't want the movie to end!
From the book to the movie and to the rewrites and updated movie all the way to the audio book..... I truly enjoy this classic work of literature!The Complete Little Women Series: Little Women, Good Wives, Little Men, Jo's Boys (4 books in one)
I watched this movie when I was young, and I still enjoy watching it. I love Christian Bale, without him, this movie may not have been what it was.
Basically, I went through my box of vhs tapes and realized there were a bunch of wonderful movies that we needed in cd format so we could enjoy them, again!  Best place for taking care of such a task is ... coming to Amazon.com!  Service was great!
At first glance, I thought it would be made indecently due to the price, and the simplicity of the design. But boy, was I wrong. For the price you pay, this flute can really put out some good tunes. The instrument in general is easily to learn, but hard to master. I'm not about to say you should consider joining an orchestra with this thing, but for around the house, and casual playing for friends and family use, it's a wonderful buy! I'd definitely recommend this product for anyone looking into beginning to play the tinwhistle.
Ordered this book and the item was shipped incorrectly.  The vendor was very helpful in getting the correct product to us.  Love that the CD comes with the book as it helps in the learning.
Excellent for 5th and 6th grade solo/ensemble. Side note -- the trumpet and clarinet books are almost identical, and one piano book will work for them both.
This volume is awesome. The songs sound great. I think playing Jazz Etudes is a great way of learning Jazz vocabulary. The net effect is similar to playing solo transcriptions. The advantage of using Greg's Etudes is that the recordings are really nice and readily available, and the material is not too difficult. I also have Volume 2 of the same series, but Volume 2 is much more difficult (much faster) than volume three.  This one is probably Greg's best &Eacute;tude collection to start after playing through his books jazz Phrasing for Saxophone.
I fell in love with this one song.  He must have Really large hands, because I had to cut out a few notes.  The piece is Be Still.  When I get that one down, I'll start another.  This book will keep me busy for a long while. :)
These are great compositions of familiar and favorite hymns.  This style is different than his other 2 albums but still just as amazing.
Not much to write about here, but it does exactly what it's supposed to. filters out the pop sounds. now my recordings are much more crisp. it is one of the lowest prices pop filters on amazon so might as well buy it, they honestly work the same despite their pricing,
Im not a professional singer or performer but for my live streaming talk program this pop filter simply works and was nearly half the cost of others.
Excellent quality considering it came from over seas, and I haven't had very good experiences with some over seas products.
this is great and cheap pop filter its worth the money and you dont have to buy an overpriced one this item is on the top of the line
The product does exactly as it should and is quite affordable.I did not realized it was double screened until it arrived, so it was even better than I had expected.As an added bonus, one of the screens carries a small hint of the smell of an old grape candy I used to buy, so for reminiscent's sake, I cannot stop putting the pop filter next to my nose and smelling it after recording. :DIf you needed a pop filter, this will work just as well as the expensive ones, and it may even come with a pleasing aroma like mine did!Buy this product! :]
It is exactly what I expected and it works great!!! the price is good compared to other pop filters. I use it for my youtube channel and people have noticed my mic has become so much clearer.
The primary job of this device is to block the breath that would otherwise produce a popping sound, while allowing your voice to pass through with no noticeable reduction of volume or high frequencies. The double cloth filter blocks the pops and lets the voice through with no coloration. The metal clamp mount attaches to the mike stand secure enough to keep it attached. The goose neck needs a little coaxing to stay where you put it.
Nice windscreen protects my MXL mic and prevents pops. Only thing is that the gooseneck is only marginally able to hold the screen in position and requires careful positioning of the clamp to avoid sagging.
Filter well-made with 4 nylon mesh screens in double pane configuration.  Tested it and it really works to eliminate pops.  I'm pleased with my purchase!
This is a nice unit. Makes a great addition to recordings, to make the sound crisper. Packaging was nice and not wasteful at all.
It's awesome,  love it. The mic is very nice makes recording much more fun. I love it. This is cool.
Director Ang Lee eases into a topic as touchy as Iraq with a gentle approach. A 60s setting, some gorgeous scenery, a methodical, patient pace, yet half way through the movie, you realize that not only are you watching two guys kissing (when was the last time you saw that? Heck, have I ever seen that?), but that they are going to simulate sex (without the genitals) right there on the screen and you, if you are brave enough, are going to sit through it!(I asked my girlfriend to hold my hand. Girls: it takes a real man to see this movie. Let them take you to a horror movie - you get them back and take them to this.)Despite all of these political and sexual asides, this is an awesome movie. I recently saw "Walk the Line" again on cable (already!). While it is a wonderful portrayal of Johnny Cash, it is not an stirringly emotional movie like Brokeback Mountain. It is no surprise to me that "Brokeback" jokes are already in the vernacular of the day. This movie has a profound impact of our current culture.Heath Ledger and Jake "G-something-unpronounceable" do a wonderful job. Though they are on the screen through-out the entire movie, they carry the burden as lightly as a T-shirt. Ledger will never be thought lightweight again. There is more acting here than "Capote." There is more emotion here than "Crash." This was the best movie of the year.As difficult as homosexual love is to comprehend (for what, the last 2 million years?), this movie makes it real, tangible, tender and poignant. It is story writing, telling and acting at its best. If you like "Unforgiven" or "Million Dollar Baby," you will like this movie.
Truly, truly, truly: this is a fine, a superb, and a great movie to watch with your friends, your loved ones, your spouse or partner, or by yourself.  Truly, the scenery is spectacular, and the story moves along at a nice pace, just like a good horse - or so I believe would be true with a good horse.  LOVE is the theme, the core, and the basis for an exploration of humanity and what can or cannot be accomplished.  Truly, truly, I highly recommend this film for everyone, whether you are straight, gay, or otherwise.  Wow: this film is a keeper.
Brokeback Mountain is a love story that cuts across lines of gender and sexuality, gripping the viewer with a dreadful sorrow that the deep and passionate devotion that these two lovers feel for each other is forbidden to them, on sentence of death. I cannot imagine how anyone but the most hard-hearted and bigoted of viewers could fail to see that the lovers portrayed in Brokeback Mountain are not different from us--whether we be gay or straight, male or female, rural or urban, we are all capable of loving the same way. Their tragedy is simply that society was and is incapable of accepting them. But most of all, above and beyond its controversial topic, Brokeback Mountain is one of the finest examples of filmmaking I've ever seen. I will make a point of seeing it again before it leaves the theaters.
It's out, it's about and it's still a moving love story.Unless you broke your back and have been incommunicado or living off in the vast wilderness on some mountain, you've heard much - perhaps too much - about this film. But Ang Lee's groundbreaking film, as much about the restraints of role-playing and societal expectations as the angst and amore between two itinerant male ranchers, deserves, deserves repeated looks. Seeing the film on a small(er) screen works for and against the movie; the haunting sadness that permeates the tale is a tangible, claustrophobic ache; the awesome expanse of the outback is reduced to screen-saver souvenirs. The acting is subtle and superb; we are consistently drawn to the subtly nuanced performance of Michelle Williams. She may have lost the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress, but her work remains powerfully passionate and potent, an essential reminder that love - all love - that will never grow old.
I don't wanna talk too much, but to summer it up, the movie is very well done, the acting is great (especially with straight actors in the lead!!!) I expected the love scenes to be more discreet, which I was glad that they weren't. Ang Lee, you are very good, Heath & Jake are simply AMAZING
I first saw this movie in January and still can not get it out of my mind. I see lots of movies that get great reviews and sometimes they're deserved and sometimes not. I admit I didn't immediately see how great this movie was at first. I didn't cry at all and came out of the cinema confused, not sure of what I had seen, and wondering things like: why did Ennis punch Jack on that last day on the mountain? how did Jack actually die? where did the shirts come from? Then surprisingly I found myself thinking about the movie over the next few days so I decided to read the story, which cleared up some things, and went to see the movie again. This time the true greatness of the movie really hit me and I cried a lot. I think this is really a rare case where all the stars aligned in terms of story, directing, acting, music, cinematography, etc. I'm really glad I didn't read the story until I'd after I'd seen the movie so it was all new to me. I truly had no expectations beyond knowing that it was about a relationship between two men.I'm also really glad I wasn't living in the US and having to deal with the hype and constant jokes. Thankfully there was none of that in the UK. This is not a movie about "gay cowboys". When asked what drew Ennis and Jack together, Heath Ledger said in an interview that he felt that Ennis' soul fell in love with another soul, and that soul came in the form of a man. I think that's right on target, because Ennis never seemed interested in anyone after Jack, not in other men, his wife, or the waitress. Jack and Ennis were very lonely people and that only changed when they were together. They had very similar backgrounds and it's sad to think that this was probably their first real friendship. It's striking that during those four years they're apart, one time that they're clearly thinking of each other is when the issue of loneliness comes up, even though neither is alone at the time. How can anyone think their relationship was about lust? They carried on for 20 years and Jack drove 14 hours each way just to see Ennis a few times a year...a lot of trouble for just a few rolls in the hay. I admit the first time I saw this movie the love between them wasn't so obvious and the first tent scene mostly seemed to come out of nowhere, but after repeated viewings and paying close attention the love is very clear. These are very undemonstrative people and they are not going to be giving each other candy and flowers and declaring their love. But scenes such as Ennis holding Jack from behind in front of the fire and humming make the love blazingly clear, I frankly wish it had gone on as long as suggested in the story!And that's heartbreaking and the reason I think this movie has stayed with me for so long. You see them at the beginning, 19 years old with their lives ahead of them, and you see them become frustrated and sadder and going through the motions in life with the passing years, and 20 years later one is dead and the other is doomed to be alone and full of regret the rest of his life. You don't have to be gay or a cowboy or even a man to understand this movie. I am none of those things. I think everyone can understand being lonely and question whether they've made the right choices in life or will be full of regret at the end. You hope you'll find that one person your soul connects with and not end up alone. However, this story absolutely needs to take place between two men and I don't understand how people can say that this story could take place between a man and a woman. The point is that Ennis hates himself for being in love with another man and that's why he makes him and Jack live the way they do. Yet although they talk about their relationships with women, he goes ballistic at the thought of Jack sleeping with other men. Jack probably knows this, and I think this is why at their last meeting Jack says he's carrying on with the ranch foreman's wife rather than the ranch foreman, and rather sadly jokes about being shot by Lureen or her husband. Ennis learns the truth after Jack dies from Jack's father and finally has to realize that he may have finally driven Jack away.I have only one complaint about the story. Many people have said they like the scene at the end where Alma Jr. comes to tell Ennis she's getting married, but I don't. This scene isn't in the story and I think it was an attempt to make the audience feel a bit more hopeful that Ennis has changed because he decides to quit his job and go to the wedding. In the book Ennis is alone and haunted by dreams of Jack the rest of his life, which I find far more believable considering that he's full of regret, although even more heartbreaking than the movie's ending if that's even possible.Though I don't particularly like country music, I did buy the soundtrack for the score but was disappointed that it contains so little of it. I hope they release the rest of the score and some of the other music mentioned in the credits. Although I've bought the DVD, I'd gladly buy a director's cut with commentary, deleted scenes, etc. The trailer contains some scenes that were not in the movie such as a scene where Ennis and Jack are in a car together. I'm surprised that the trailer wasn't on the DVD, that's fairly common. Being able to watch the DVD with subtitles is great because I realized that I missed some dialog even though I saw it in the cinema many many times, notably during the second tent scene.
I put off watching this movie for the longest time because I didn't think it was for me. Well, I was missing out. What a beautiful movie - the scenery, the characters, the love story. It's really sticking with me and I want to watch it again. I highly recommend it, especially to those on the fence about seeing it - you won't regret it.
This is just unbelievable! From now forward I WILL NOT SEE THE 'ACADEMY' AWARDS NO MORE! Well we've just seen in the Oscar night the 'new' 'Academy' President!How can an excellent movie (or should I say only competent?) - like Crash - wins the Oscar for Best Picture Of The Year with such a masterpiece (indeed it's a work of Art) like Brokeback Mountain??? Who have the answer???Shame on the 'Academy'!Crash is a movie about day life problems! That's all! Nothing more (...)!Brokeback Mountain is an intemporal and universal Love story! Brilliantly filmed, played with such a deep meaningfull that you don't see that often in the movies! I'm sad...Heartbroken!
This is such a great film.  Beyond my wildest expectations.  These characters stayed with me long after the film was over; in fact, for weeks after!  Well directed, acted, scored and the cinematography was sensational!  It speaks to the human experience...to those of us who have longed to love someone, but just wasn't able to.This film will remain forever as one of the greatest pictures ever made.  No doubt.
I think the thing that most strikes me about this movie is how much it trancends sex and gender.  I am a hetero female, and this movie literally makes me burn for past lost loves.  Bravo....
Finally on the big screen a real love story between two men. Complex relationships and how they handled them in rural America. I grew up in the country and always dreamed of this.
I went to see Brokeback Mountain because I know that Ang Lee is a brillant director and I was more than pleased.  The movie is beautifully shot and very well acted.  Heath Ledger's performance was so powerful that I felt his pain of being in love and not being able to realize the relationship fully and openly.  At the end of the day, this was a deeply moving love story and the characters just happened to be gay.  Anyone who shys away because the film has gay characters is really missing one of the best films in a long time.  I encourage people on the fence about seeing this film to take the leap and go and see it and I am certain there will be no disappointment.  Themes about love and longing are color/gender blind and everyone can relate to them.  I loved the film!!!
After seeing that "Trash", oh sorry "Crash", won the Academy Award for Best Picture I was really dissapointed( Even thought I liked "Crash" a lot, and thought it was excellent, I still thought that it should have not won "Best Picture"; "Brokeback Mountain" has a much better storyline, and much better scrrenplay). I could not understand how the Academy Awards could miss the opportunity to give the first "Gay" Picture an Oscar. All of us can relate to this movie more than "Crash". Love. Love is everywhere, no matter what. and this movie teach us that no matter what gender you are, how old you are, or where you are love is going to be there and is impossible to deny it. The movie is set in the early 1960's (when Homosexuality was not "permitted".) It shows the love between two straight guys who fall in love after working together up at the mountains and since then their love is meant to be. They both have their own families and their own live, but destiny brings them together and their love is once again revived. They maintain their love a secret for years, but we all know that what they wished for, is that their love can be "seen". Believe me when I say that their love and sacrifice for each other will touch you deeply. The movie needs to be watched by men all over the world. It would make them understand what really love is about and that "Love Is A Force Of Nature."The direction is beautiful(Best Director), and the music is very good(Best Score). There is not a thing that you won't like about the movie. It is great in every sense.(Best ScreenPlay)The story line, the acting (Nominated Best Supporting Actor, Best Actor, Best Suporting actrees), and the script.It's THE love story that "Will Never Grow Old"
`Brokeback Mountain' will stand the tests of time, for that I'm certain.  Many would argue that it's only because of it's taboo subject matter or controversy but in the end, after the dust has settled and the smoke has cleared `Brokeback Mountain' is more than just a superlative talking point, it's a monumental powerhouse of a motion picture, from it's brilliant script to it's earth shattering acting to it's award winning directing.  At it's very core `Brokeback Mountain' is a story about life as we see it, live it and need it and it reaches to the heartstrings of much more than would be expected.  This is far deeper than `gay cinema' as some have labeled it but is modern cinema at its finest and teaches valid and life changing points that everyone can learn from despite their orientation and or morality.The film, based of Annie Proulx's short story, centers around the lives of two sheepherders Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist.  The two meet when they are but eighteen, Ennis engaged to his sweetheart Alma and Jack just trying to find himself.  They spend the summer together on Brokeback Mountain, herding sheep and albeit unintentionally falling in love.  The film setting begins in the early sixties and advancing twenty-some-odd-years before its conclusion and throughout the notion of repressed sexual feelings it made apparent. It's not culturally acceptable for these two men to even entertain the idea of loving and or being together, and so after their summer-long affair they go their separate ways, Ennis to marry Alma and Jack to eventually find and fall for Lureen.  Years later, after the births of their children, the memory of their affair still plagues them, not in regret of action but in regret of leaving it alone for so long and so they start up again, rekindling a flame that could only end in tragedy.The film is less a `gay love story' and more a universal cry for love in the most complex of terms.  This film proves that you can't pick the one you love but that the thoughts and feelings of those around us, whether it be close family, friends or the idea of a culture in whole can and will affect our decisions to whom and how to love.  While I feel that Jack Twist's character is and was a homosexual man I feel that Ennis was more or less a man you found love in a place he least expected it.  He never sought after the attention of other men as Jack did.  In fact even after Alma leaves him he still seeks the affection of a woman, but Jack and Jack alone had stolen his heart.  That's what's so moving and inspiring about this film is that it parades the truth that love is love and one must embrace that love of lose all happiness they could ever know.What helps elevate this film so far above the competition is the brilliant acting on the entire cast, a cast of young talented stars who blew up in such a big way by taking on such a mature film.  Looking at the roster one may not believe they could handle the material but everyone involved is stellar.  Ledger plays Ennis with such restraint and precise confusion that one is brought to tears almost as much for Ledgers star turn as he is for the tragedy wrapped within his character.  Ledger creates a performance that stays with you.  Gyllenhaal also manages to brilliantly create a character we can relate to.  Jack Twist is someone we know and maybe even a little bit of each of us, a man who just wants to live his life and doesn't care what the consequences.  Death to him is a fair enough price to pay for freedom.  Michelle Williams is a revelation as Alma, her pain, her subtle emotion, her breakdown and her silently unraveling sanity is as moving as it is astonishing to watch.  Anne Hathaway, while not receiving the critical attention of her co-stars delivers a brilliant performance and deserves to be recognized.  Her performance as Lureen may not have been as baity as the character given to Williams, but she maneuvers her character through her scenes with a maturity that she is recently blossoming into.Visually stunning and emotionally captivating `Brokeback Mountain' is a movie that demands to be seen and taken seriously and is one that will stay with the viewer for years even decades to come.  We feel the pain in Ennis' gut as he falls to his knees in despair over leaving Jack.  We feel the torment in Alma's eyes as she watches the man she loves embrace another man.  We feel the frustration in Jack's demeanor as he pleads for Ennis to stay with him, give him anything more than an annual escapade.  But most of all we feel our own heart breaking and setting as we realize how this film and it's very essence effect us in ways we'd never imagine.  Gay, straight, male or female we have all met our Ennis or Jack and maybe even let him or her go because of outside influence or confusion of heart.  May this tragic tale of love denied and love lost move us to never let that happen to us again.
Brokeback Mountain is surely Ang Lee's finest film to date. It is a profound and deeply moving meditation on the nature of love; masterfully directed and adapted for the screen and featuring two incredible, couragious performances by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal.Having read Annie Proulx's novella I found it remarkable how the details of her story and the flavour of her writing- those spare and startlingly matter-of-fact sentences- have been faithfully rendered in the film. Despite the length of the film, I don't feel there is an ounce of fat on it- the very deliberate pace, the long, lingering shots of the Wyoming highlands, the silences- all work to build the movie slowly but surely to its heart-rending final scenes. One review I read criticised the aforementioned nature shots but they are anything but gratuitous- throughout the course of the film the landscape comes to symbolise Ennis and Jack's intimacy- their freedom to express their love for each other- and all these shots are full of that tension.Heath Ledger is extraordinary in this film. His Ennis is a strong physical and sexual presence, but the way Ledger essays Ennis' inner torment is quite unforgettable. The mumbling, barely opening his mouth to speak, the constantly averted glances, the eyes, the smallest changes of facial expression. His emotions are always there, simmering away, never far from the surface. Some of his scenes are almost unbearable to watch- and these are usually the scenes where the depth and intensity of his love for Jack are revealed. I'll single out four such scenes.Firstly, the scene after they first leave Brokeback, where the two men have a terrible, awkward goodbye- Jack's longing for them to remain in touch is thwarted by Ennis' inability to resolve his feelings and Jack eventually drives off, leaving Ennis walking down the road. When Jack is out of sight Ennis moves to the roadside and sobs uncontrollably, overwhelmed by his emotions, shielding his face with his hat. Then the scene in which the men are reunited after four years of living apart, in which Ennis is totally unable to suppress his emotions and his desire for Jack- this is the  scene that is witnessed by Ennis' shocked wife. Then two scenes from the last part of the film. Firstly, when Jack desperately reveals that he can't bear to be apart from Ennis, which is followed by a flashback of the two men standing in front of a camp fire, all those years ago when they first worked together, Jack looking love-lost in front of the fire, Ennis softly singing to him. The potency of this scene is how quickly and efficiently it draws high contrast between the young, high-spirited men and the men who, 20 years later are leading completely different lives. The scene in which Ennis discovers Jack's blue parker in Jack's parents house after Jack's death is played to perfection- we register Ennis' profound sense of loss but he does not break down- as Jack's parents are downstairs and his fear, even then, keeps him from allowing his emotions to flow.Ang Lee has taken themes in the novella to a whole new level. With his restrained and almost at times austere direction I found that the homosexuality drifted to the back of my mind- that I was not seeing two men but two individuals fighting to realise their love for each other in the outside world. Indeed I feel that the films great message is that if you are unable to live the relationships you are supposed to live- then this can and does serve to damage and even destroy other relationships.Jake Gyllenhaal is also superb in this film. He creates a character that lights up the screen in every frame he is in. Of course Jack is a foil for Ennis- being lighter and more idealistic than the laconic, tormented Ennis- but time and again I was so moved by the way Jack articulates his love for Ennis- the cajoling, the horsing about, the harmonica playing, the humour- especially in the scene where he demonstrates his rodeo riding to Ennis. Jack's death is so terrible, especially as it comes true almost as a prophecy to Ennis, bringing full-circle the shocking vision he was shown as a child.I really enjoyed the way Ennis' eldest daughter was drawn in the film. Revealing to the bar chick that Ennis 'probably wasn't the marrying kind' was a beautiful, prescient observation of her father's nature. We feel her want to be closer to her father, nowhere more so than at the end of the film where she asks her father to come to her wedding, and Ennis- so lost, disoriented, alone and bereft manages to turn his thoughts towards her, to be there for her. But only after asking her if 'she really loves Curt'.The film is a draining but totally rewarding experience and it will stay with you long after you've left the cinema.It's a classic.See it.
The various reactions I've heard and read about Brokeback Mountain seem to say more about the reactor than it does the film.  A very simple film about two very specific characters in a very specific time and place has been exaggerated into all sorts of politicized nonsense for and against.  So many agendas, so little time.I found this a beautifully written, acted, directed and photographed film filled with subtlety and understanding.  A compassionate study of an illicit love in a time and place of great repression, the movie walked a knife-edge and would have been even greater fodder for the late-night comedians had it not been in the hands of superb film-makers. Their skill has allowed a general audience to appreciate a film containing, for many, uncomfortable subject matter.I applaud the great courage of the two young leads who have been justly praised for their performances.  It looks good now, but it had a tremendous possibility for not only failure but also humiliation, and I recognize their risk-taking.But there was the writing of McMurtry and Osana, and the direction of Ang Lee and they made it work. And the specificity of the time and place is everything.This is a story of these two men, and the ruin they bring to themselves and others trying to live their lives as a lie, which was about their only option there and then.  I don't believe these guys lives bear any relation to the lives of gays in the great urban settings of New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles etc.  Jack might have fit in there, Ennis...never.I enjoyed the film as a specific story, like any other story.  The great craft involved allowed me to accept these characters and to eventually care about them, but I found no need to extrapolate beyond that to any great generalities.  If there was a message to this film, to me it was simply: live and let live.  And my God, wouldn't that be something.
This film was beautifully shot.  I loved the pacing of the film- slower than most today.  Really let you feel the emotions and beats of the story.  Gorgeous scenery.
To say that I was delighted with this movie would be the understatement of this decade. There are 3 scenes that are totally captivating, the rest of this movie leaves you yearning  for more.After an evening of whisky Jack is feeling frisky and makes the first move on an unsuspecting Ennis. What ensues can only be described as an emotional rollercoaster for Ennis. Jumping up quickly, a brief scuffle, and angry almost violent sex (don't worry nothing is showing) He gives in to an obvious temptation. The next day he blows Jack off who is hurting big time. The scene that night in the tent when Ennis goes to Jack is mesmerizing! Apologizing between tender kisses Jack accepts his apology and a romantic interlude ensues. The 3rd of course Is the reunion kiss. Embracing after 4 long years out in the open you could see that they were dangerously near a kiss and both had to slow down, that is until Ennis backs up Jack pushes him against the bulding (strike the music) and bam more pure magic. I would recommend that the first time you see this movie, watch it all the way through. The second and third etc times you see it (once is not enough) leave the theatre happy right after that reunion kiss and imagine the way you may or may not have ended this movie yourself. I am a dreamer, so I want to believe that they got that cattle and calf operation and led "the sweet life" and lived happily ever after!
The story is of 2 ranch hands that work hearding sheep on Brokeback Mountain for a summer in the 60's.Though homosexuality was taboo back then, Jack Twist (Jake Gylenhaal) and Enis DelMar (Heath Ledger) are drawn to each other, and become lovers this particular summer.When Summer is over, they must part ways, and Enis tells Jack he is about to be married to his fiance' (Michelle Williams)The following summer Jack checks back in at Brokeback to see if Enis had come back again for the summer. He hasn't, So Jack Twist goes on reluctantly with his life, and he also gets married (More for financial reasons than love)  4 years pass.Jack writes a letter to Enis saying he will be there for a visit. When he shows, all those old feelings resurface, and they head back to Brokeback, and it continues that way throughout the years, and through the years Enis rejects the idea of settling down together as a couple because of a gay-hate killing he saw as a child.The movie moves along nicely, to show the ups and downs of not only thier relationship, but thier relationships to others, thier friends and families throughout the years.There is a very heartfelt ending to this movie that I won't give away, but it will leave you thinking about "Brokeback Mountain" long after it is over.The acting is phenominal, the setting is beautiful, and the directing is flawless. One of my favorite movies of all time.
Although it's clear that BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN is terrific filmmaking, I was not really interested in seeing it until I heard Annie Prouix interviewed about the project. (It was her short story that the film is based on.) Prouix described how she had wrestled with finishing the tale for years, and had a much harder time with it than she had had with her longer works. (BTW, her book THE SHIPPING NEWS is a brilliant novel and a pretty good movie.)Anyway, Prouix did eventually finish the story, but had absolutely nothing to do with the filming of this movie. And here is the telling moment: Authors are almost always dissatisfied in some ways with the films of their work, particularly when they are not associated with the movie project as creative consultant or some such.Not Annie. She was absolutely floored that the movie had stayed so true to her story's original tone and purpose, and even substantially expanded upon it. (The fact the adapted screenplay won an Oscar for Larry McMurtry and Diane Ossana is a testament to its excellence.) What a story, and what a movie.INTERESTING SIDELIGHTS: BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN is a western set mostly in Wyoming and Texas. But it was written by a woman born in Connecticut, filmed in Alberta, and directed by a man from Taiwan. Go figure.
My 85 year old mom and I saw Brokeback Mountain a few days before the Oscars.  It was the only time in recent memory where, at the end of the screening, the theater was completely silent, and no one moved.  A powerful and achingly beautiful film. Five BIG stars for Brokeback Mountain.
Yes, Ang Lee's love story is a great movie. It's a hearbreaking, visually stunning Western. It's really well acted, particularly by Heath Ledger, Jake Gyllenhaal and Michelle Williams, brilliantly written, original and incredibly moving. Most critics have acknowledged this. But what makes BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN such a revelation is because it's a gay movie. That's what makes the film important. That's where it breaks new ground. That's why it matters. A friend of mine says that the only reason the film is generating so much buzz is because it's gay, that if it were a straight Western romance it wouldn't garner attention. I told him he was right, but I told him it was because his "straight Western romance" had already been made. Many people have commented that the film's theme is universal, applicable to all audiences. Sheep herders Jack and Ennis find themselves in love in 1963 and don't have a context with which to deal with those feelings. Those who speak of a "universal theme" say that BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN is about a romance that its lovers cannot deny yet cannot make work. This is all true, but I think it's unfair to the movie to say that it's really about "everyone." I am a gay man, and I couldn't divorce myself from that while watching this movie. Part of the reason I liked it is because I felt, while it was happening, like it belonged to me and spoke for me as a homosexual. I felt its impact, its originality. I wanted to nurture it and tell other people about it. I wanted to learn from it, and I wanted others to see it and learn. It's a story that I've been waiting for, even though I didn't know it. The documentary THE CELLULOID CLOSET, released several years ago, showed us Hollywood's history of how it subtly hid yet depicted homosexuality. If gay people wanted to see gay stories, they had to go into straight movies and "decode" the hidden gay themes. With BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN, gay people are, for once, not the ones who have to dig in order to relate to the film's "universal" message. This is our movie, and it's a great one, a cause for celebration.
While slow-paced and with little action, let alone dialogue, it's a very sad story of thwarted love, universal, and not just the &#34;gay cowboy&#34; story it was marketed as.  Unable to be together, but unable to be themselves apart, it can apply to any type of relationship.  Seeing the movie in the theater, I was left feeling somewhat disappointed, as if there should have been more.  Although I thought it was excellent and that Ang Lee had once again captured a place and time so well (and without the usual movie-cliche' touchstones) that despite how foreign it may be to me personally, it seemed very real.  However, as I left the theater I felt rather numb and by the time I got to the subway at the corner, I burst into tears.  Every time I thought about the movie over the next few days, which was frequently, I did again.  I could not say why at the time, but there was something very, very deep in this movie that went to my soul.  When I purchased the DVD, I did so partly as an experiment to see how I'd react seeing it again.  I was a puddle of tears almost immediately and was so for quite a few more viewings.
This is a new standard for film not being a gay film but about two people,two human beings,who find one true love only and no other.Two people who love each other so much one is a part of the other. Even though they must marry and settle down with kids and wives, they still feel a part of the other. It will never leave them. Though they only meet once a month or less still their love is all they have. It is a transformational story about love,rememberence and finally a totem of a shirt and jacket of the beloved which must be felt and smelled so that the one you love is still a part of you. It is about loneliness of memories of wonderful good-byes with a smile looking back waiting for the next meeting (a beautiful ending of the film). Until finally...The cinematogaphy is a masterpiece of bucolic landscapes anda beautiful scorce which adds a great deal of the emotional underlining of the two Ennis and Jack. A masterpiece of direction by Ang Lee who through his art "paints a portrait of a love that will not die", a love who is a part of you and cannot live without even if all you have are beautiful and sad memories and a shirt and jacket.I don't care if this film wins an oscar or two-- it is a new standard in film making when it does not mater who you love just truely love them. It will remain a great film one of the top 100 films ever made. It remains a part of my life.
NOT MUCH TO SAY THAT HASN'T ALREADY BEEN SAID EXCEPT NOW ALL YOU MORAL, STRAIGHT, CHRISTIAN PEOPLE WHO DIDN'T WANT TO BE SEEN IN THE MOVIE HOUSE CAN BUY THE MOVIE AND SEE WHAT LOVE IS REALLY ABOUT..
Brokeback Mountain is a sad but realistic movie. I think the writers of the movie did a great job showing how two people can fall in love but sense society is against it, it hindered them from being together.
At its core this film is not about sexuality; it is about profound loss and about not living a true life. Not one character comes though the other end of this without loss. And why? Not easily answered. An intolerant society and a rigid masculine template jump to mind. This film is hard to characterize, though. From its opening shot to its final one, there is an overwhelming sense of isolation and loneliness. Time passes but the outside world rarely infiltrates; some songs, some hairstyles, some newer cars but rarely the news of the day. This remoteness makes the film and its ultimate conclusion a tragedy. If there is ever a place to live a truthful and fulfilling life it should be Brokeback Mountain, but neither Jack Twist, nor especially Ennis del Mar, can truly live the life they fundamentally desire. As it stands, theirs is a mingled life that spans many years and yet still seems empty and devoid. I cannot say truthfully that the actions of these men are without criticism especially with how they affect others in their lives but nothing they do to other people compares to what they do to each other. While theirs is a timeless love, both physically and spiritually, they also are haunted with melancholy and emptiness; a troubled human conflict that will shake most loving people to their core.As a film it is remarkable. Ang Lee's direction is a masterly and will be studied. Every image, every performance and edit is delicately and masterfully maintained throughout. The performances are amazing and for some will be career defining. Ledger is revelatory and I would stand his performance alongside any of Brando's early ones. You know Ennis. You love him and are angry with him and Ledger is never false in his portrayal. Gyllenhaal is just as amazing. Jack is the yin to Ennis' yang and Jake nails him. Without his character's love for life, the final scenes would not carry as much emotionally. Jake's performance is focused in his eyes and the sparkling flame within them. Watching that flame diminish over time is heartbreaking. Michelle Williams' Alma has deservedly received accolades and she is raw and real. Just as noteworthy is Anne Hathaway and I must say she really surprised me. In what could have been a mannered and arch character, she brings Lureen startlingly to life, most notably in her phone conversation with Ennis. The photography and music are beautifully intertwined and will stir your emotions and haunt you for days.That this film is subjected to trite and hateful degradations by some is saddening. It seems at conflict with the truth and compassion that these "moral" people aspire to. To spout vitriol about this film seems so misplaced if anyone has truthfully seen it. It is this hate, however, that hits to the core of what Ennis believes. That no matter how fundamentally real Ennis' and Jack's feelings are for one another, there will be those that hate them and being hated is a more unspeakable horror than living alone.
Quite a few shallow individuals, it appears, are clinging to the false notion that this breathtaking and profoundly heart-wrenching motion picture offers nothing new or noteworthy. Having now experienced the film for myself, I can testify to you here that this is very simply not the case.Ang Lee has crafted the one feature film that audiences will be discussing for many long years to come. The buzz it generates, contrary to what some may otherwise believe, will not cater to the media's recent and over-exaggerated abuse of the words "bravery" or "courage." Especially not as such terms relate to Jake Gyllenhaal or Heath Ledger and their joint decision to star in this production. More specifically, I tend to believe that most of the talk "Brokeback Mountain" promotes will more than likely entail just how openly honest and heartfelt its story of true love really is. Director Lee is the one man who should be labelled brave. He, working directly from the Annie Proulx short story, has given us a revolutionary firsthand view of a deeply-rooted relationship that was, for the time period it was set against, considered gravely taboo. The year 1963, one must remember, was far and away removed from the tolerable climate of today's modern society. I had not been alive to experience the sixties, I grant you. But that doesn't necessarily mean I am unable to identify with the altogether cruel strife these characters endured. The heinous societal pressure hanging over Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist cuts to the very core of what each and every gay person across this world has been forced to confront. Director Lee, with this film, has shined an ever-revealing light upon the ignorance of bigotry and the unfortunate lengths its victims must travel to avoid the rejection of friends and family. We feel the angst within Jack and Ennis, their sheer emotional passion and, ultimately, the genuine frustration of realizing they can never openly embrace their mutual attraction. It all comes down to fear. You should never be afraid to love another person, regardless of whether a total stranger agrees with it or not. My entire adolesence had passed me by before I realized that truth for myself at the age of twenty one.I and my spouse of fourteen years were in a theater, way out in the suburbs, on opening day to experience this film amongst a packed house with varying cross-sections of people young and old alike. Not a single one of them, I should mention, got up and left throughout the entire showing. There are simply no sufficient words for me to adequately describe just how powerful and totally touching this movie's driving message proved. In my entire life, I cannot recall a time I ever saw so many members of the crowd as positively touched as they were by "Brokeback Mountain." This is clearly one feature film that everybody should award its proper due. It may not change the minds of those who unfortunately still shun homosexuality in general. But, I can almost certainly guarantee, that it will open many eyes to a truth that those in higher authority still choose to ignore. Love, no matter how you may look at it, is what it is and is never wrong.I will be recommending this movie to everybody I know for as long as the air in my lungs will permit me to do so. It deserves every one of the nominations it has received and is a definite contender for Best Picture. Ang Lee, Ms. Proulx, take a bow and thank you both very much.
this is simply the best and most heart-wrenching love story i have ever seen. it is the most touching movie u could ever watch and the most memorable one. its about 2 men ennis del mar (heath ledger) and jack twist (jake gyllenhaal) who just happened to fall in love while working together one summer. but because of the time it is set in and the society they have to keep their love life a secret. despite the lack of action in this movie u will feel hooked and not bored at all. this movie is the best movie of all time and it should've won in all the categories it was nominated in at the academy awards. the actors are amazing and they make the story feel so real, my favourite scene was the reunion after a few a years it was the most emotional scene. i admire heath and jake for having the courage to do the movie, they were amazing. and so was the directing, the script and everything..the music was so amazing, it added to the sadness of the movie.and unlike wat some people say it is not a lame story about "gay cowboys", it is a beautiful story about forbidden and impossible love and i think nobody should miss this masterpiece
I loved this film. I have always been a big E. Annie Proulx fan and the movie certainly did her short story (of the same title) the proper justice.Aside from the absolutely breathtaking cinematography and perfectly customized soundtrack, this film encompasses the turmoil and heartbreak of an impossible love story. It is sad and touching and yet also a harsh reminder of the current of prejudices that comes up hard against homosexual/homosocial behavior.I praise Jake Gyllenhall and Heath Ledger for their performances. They managed to be both passionately sexy and boyishly uncertain in their characters...tough and yielding simultaneously. I imagine they have done the author of this story proud. There was very little deviation from the original text, which, unfortunately, is a rarity. In my humble opinion, it will be difficult for either of these actors to top what they have done here. Bravo. Highly recommended.
I think too many people are looking at this movie just to find flaws in it to criticize about. As much as critics say that they are not homosexual, this is just a bad movie, the truth is that this movie demonstrate true mastery of humanity. In fact, it is so good that critics let some church's homophobic propaganda get the best of them. This movie has it all: heart-felt storyline, beautiful cinematography, story dynamic, and turn of events. The only thing it lacks is punk band making horrible noises in the background, and immature actors doing stunts on screen which, by the way, is actually a good thing. You can love this movie, or hate it, but in the end, you have to admit that this is the best movie made in the last decade, particularly considering that this movie did not throw in hundreds of millions of dollars.
After watching this movie friends and I spent the next few hours discussing it.  It is a well done film no matter the subject, it is the story of two people in love who ache for each other and yet are forced to be apart.  Add to that the fact that both are men and the time is 1963 and you get the added story that makes this film particularly wrenching.  Jack and Enis meet when they are both hired to spend the summer up on Brokeback mountain tending to a herd of sheep.  Enis is quiet to the point of seeming almost mute and Jack is the more lively of the two.  One frozen night when huddled in the tent from the cold their supressed passion for each other becomes an irrisistable force and the two spend the remainder of their time on the mountain happy, or at least as happy as Enis's character can be.  Their summer ends with Jack saying that they could still be together and Enis being overcome with rage at the mere suggestion.  They last see each other as Jack is driving off and Enis is nonchalantly walking down a dirt street.  It is after Jack is gone that Enis breaks down in an unexpected and powerful scene, hiding in an ally-way so nobody will see.  Over the next several years they both marry and become fathers.  The scene of their reunion 4 years later has so much emotion, longing and passion that it will take your breath away.  They way they look at each other and that first kiss is one of the most powerful I've seen onscreen and I have to comend both actors.  This movie however is not just about Jack and Enis, but also shows the effect on their wives, Michelle Williams of Dawsons creek does an amazing job of playing the wife of Enis who discovers his secret but stays quiet because she sees no other option and Anne Hathaway saying Good-bye to her Princess Diary character with a flirty agreesive character and a topless scene as she sets her sight on Jack.  I won't go into the ending other than to say that the scene where Jacks parent are introduced is nearly as moving as their reunion scene and will leave you feeling wrung out.This is a film that will keep you invloved until the last credit on the screen goes blank and kudos to Ang Lee for putting such a memorable film onscreen.
This movie really grabs you. The actors are excellent, and the story very decent, despite what people may think before they see it. A must see !
what a break through movietwo actors who were very very believableI watch this one over and overOne of my all time favorite movies and the director is amazing theCanadian mountains breathtaking too.Must must have this movie
I have loved this movie since it first came out--acting, scenery, plot.  One thing has bugged me though.  For a good production, they let it go out with what I consider a major mispronounciation in the ending song.  Maybe only a westerner would know, but the word in "get along little dogie" is pronounced with a long o--it means stray calf.  The singer says doggie, which is wrong.
There are certain things that hit the viewer immediately the first time you see this film - the beauty of the landscape for one thing. And then there are these two young men who instantly strike you as solitary and singular. I must admit that I had a delayed reaction to this movie. When I walked out of the theatre, I wasn't as overwhelmed as I was a day or two later and I think the reason is because this film is one to be contemplated and thought about - a lot.First, the movie was described to me as a movie about g*y cowboys. That wasn't quite what I took away from it. Let's face it, if this were just a movie about g*y cowboy's trying to hide their lifestyle from everyone else, it would have been a completely different movie. There was something much deeper than sexuality at play - deeper on so many levels, frankly. What makes it even more reflective is that no explanations are offered for practically anything in the film. As a writer, one of the first things I learned was "show, don't tell." This is most definitely a "show, don't tell" film. One of the bigger questions I was left with (and still wonder about today) is why Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) was so stricken with Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal). You are left wondering what would have happened had Jack never reached for Ennis's hand in the tent that night - if they had just completed their sheepherding jobs and moved on. Would Ennis's life with his wife and kids have moved forward in the way that it had been going if Jack had not sent a postcard four years later? As the movie progresses, it becomes clear that Jack is more interested in men than women but you are never quite sure with Ennis (sometimes very sure and other times not sure at all). He doesn't pursue other men. There are no suggestions that he even looks at other men. There are scenes (before the postcard arrives) that leave you feeling that he is, in fact, in love with his wife and children. He even goes so far as to display some very macho behavior when some low-lifes at a fair use foul language in front of his "girls." When he gets divorced, he dates another woman, though you do feel that he's not fully "present" in that situation either. His unraveling as the years go by is all about Jack and it's almost as if his only reason to live are for his stolen moments with Jack on Brokeback Mountain. When he loses Jack for good, he is so emotionally shut down, that he nearly chooses to miss his own daughter's wedding.Jack, on the other hand, displays a clearer sense of self from the beginning. He is the more openly sensitive of the two, more skillful at getting needs met and taking initiative. More expressive in every way. But, as with Ennis, his life is fueled by their meetings on Brokeback Mountain, with a few detours along the way. There are questions left in your mind about Jack as well - it's never fully clear why he chose to marry since he seemed to have a sharper awareness of who he was and what he needed. And yet, he does seem smitten when he first meets his wife and has his baby. Was he just a product of the time and place he lived in (1960s Texas)? Could be. But this is all just part of what makes this movie so brilliant. You find yourself experiencing the film emotionally, not just watching it and that's very surprising (and somewhat disorienting) in a way. And, as with real life, there are so many unanswered questions - about ourselves, the world, life, death - that are never resolved.For the people who say that this is just Hollywood's attempt to "legitimize" or "glamorize" homosexuality - dudes, listen up: it's about the suffering these men went through and how awful their lives had become over time. There's nothing glamorous about any of it - just a lot of pain and misery. I never felt that the movie was pushing any type of lifestyle. It's just a story about two men in a certain time, place and situation and should be viewed that way.Ang Lee is an amazing director. Annie Proulx who wrote the short story that evolved into this film is the Pulitzer Prize winning author of The Shipping News. I believe Brokeback Mountain appeared in the New Yorker Magazine in 1997 or 1998 (fairly recent). I often wonder what she felt when she wrote this. The casting was spot on - Heath Ledger is an exceptional actor, no question (he gave a powerful performance in the film, The Order) but it is Jake Gyllenhaal who, for me, carried this film in a way that stirred up my insides (I was on his emotional "I wish I knew how to quit you" rollercoaster).I recommend this film, though I know it might not be for everyone (I hear that it's been banned in Utah, actually). And if you have that "not sure" feeling at first, I can guarantee that it will eventually settle. You won't be able to stop thinking about it for a long time.
I am surprised at my reaction to this movie - because it was an intensely emotional one and the movie, which I've seen a few times since first seeing it last week on DVD, is haunting me. Having read other reviews, I'm not alone.  Ang Lee, you have created a masterpiece of story telling, of love, loss, tragedy, that has moved me like no other movie I have ever seen - thank you.I didn't know anything about the movie prior to seeing it (on DVD) other than the "gay cowboy" rhetoric.  I didn't know the story, how it would end, or how truly tragic it would be. How gut-wrenchingly tragic.  This is not a "gay cowboy movie" and to call it that demeans and belittles the movie, the acting, and the many messages that people (judging from the reviews here and elsewhere) are taking from it.  For me, a straight woman, it made me realize that to keep yourself emotionally stilted, guarded and otherwise repressed can ruin your life, and those of the people around you.  The movie made me realize that we MUST be true to our own hearts and to ourselves and to not allow fear (in whatever form - society, family, hurt, etc.) to dictate the path our lives take.For all of Jack's wanting, Ennis just could not give of himself and it is he who dictates their relationship (or lack thereof).  What Ennis witnesses at such an early age left such an indellible ane permanent print on his psyche that he is never able to get beyond it.  Of course, the heart wants what it wants, so when he meets and falls for Jack, to say Ennis was conflicted is an understatement.  While up on Brokeback, Ennis can allow himself to be opened up and to be free to be someone other than who he was raised to be, and who he turned out to be through earlier circumstances.  He can, away from the rest of the world, be happy.  Jack, who it seems knows who he is and is accepting of that part of himself, is able to draw Ennis out of himself.  When Ennis learns that they are to bring the sheep down a month early, and goes off to be by himself, I found to be a very poignant moment, because he realizes that, putting aside losing a month's pay, he must leave the one happiness he's known in his life up to that point, up on that mountain, far earlier than he was prepared to do emotionally.  Coming down from the mountain meant that he had to leave that part of himself that for the first time truly knew happiness, joy, and love.  "One shot thing" after all and Ennis parts with Jack believing that it's over, and that he'll go on the with the rest of his life as planned.  When he breaks down on the side of the road, you know that for him, it'll never be over, because (I think) he realizes that Jack will always be a part of him, and no matter what he may do for the rest of his life, Jack will always be a presence.I won't go through the rest of the movie, since we've all seen it and I'm just restating the plot.  However, there were a few other scenes which are remarkeable in both their on-screen intensity and their impact on the story itself -When Jack and Ennis see each other for the first time in 4 years, when they first embrace, and then let their repressed emotions and lust come bubbling to the surface, and when for the first time, Ennis is in a place where they can be easily discovered - I mean, they are right outside his front door, in the back of a laundry mat - not like people won't happen by. And then he stops, realizing that he's not in control anymore, and regains control and goes upstairs to introduce his love to his wife, who of course has witnessed the encounter - I thought that was an incredibly powerful scene with the three actors.Another is when Ennis learns of Jack's death.  I didn't know Jack dies and I'm sorry I didn't read the story first because I was not prepared.  That was a sucker punch.  Then next punch was when Ennis was in Jack's closet and he finds the two shirts.  The last, of course, and one I was NOT at all prepared for, was the last scene with Ennis looking at the two shirts and the post-card, with tears stinging his eyes, saying "Jack, I swear ..." and the door closes (very symbolic) and the music (another important component to the story telling) takes us to black ... that didn't punch me in my gut, that punched me in my heart.  To see Ennis standing there, knowing that the one happiness he would ever know in his life, is gone, is dead, and will never ever come back, and knowing that his life will forever be unfulfilled, unrealized, and that he is doomed to never again be truly happy, is the most powerful moment on film I have ever seen.I've seen many good movies that have moved me to tears and made me stop and think. But Brokeback makes them pale in comparisson.  I am quite awestruck at the response I've had to this movie, but I am at the same time grateful for the experience of it, because this movie has opened up a part of me that I long ago closed the door on. No, I'm not gay and that's not the kind of door I'm talking about.  I am a very guarded person and I heavily identified with that part of Ennis - which has made me stop and re-examine myself and my motivations for the choices I've made.  I've not seen a movie or read a book that has ever had such a profound affect on me.A word about the performances.  I'm sorry, and this is not to take anything away from any of the other Oscar nominated performances this year - but Heath and Jack should have won co-best actor awards.  Without their performances, this movie would not have been what it is. These two actors really made me believe that their characters were in love, without ever once using those words.  And Ang Lee is a brilliant director to have been able elicit that kind of emotion and intesity and to put a movie on screen that has so deeply and profoundly touched so many people - regardless of gender or sexual orientation.I do wish there were a few more moments of tenderness between Jack and Ennis - such as the one when Jack is having a flashback to the camp fire when Ennis comes up behinds him and holds him for a moment, although I don't know if I could have handled the ending if there had been.  I would like to have been privy to their love expressed in a simple embrace, a quick kiss, or some other obvious, yet understated way. I'm wondering if scenes such as these were deleted.I hope that there will be a director's cut of this movie in the future - I'd like to see what Ang Lee had to cut in order to make this movie mainstream-ready.To close, I'll just say that this movie really did break my heart.
Some of my best friends are gay, so your comment becomes especially sensitive to me.Reviewer Kyle Bob "tyrone," welcome to America, where people of all beliefs and ideals can come together. Unfortunately, you overstayed your welcome. Brokeback Mountain is the American cry for freedom, and a big step towards change and acceptance, but if you can't see that, you are hopeless.
Ang Lee's film, Brokeback Mountain, is one of those rare events that impacts not only the entertainment industry and its supporters, but also impacts our society by revealing truths of the human heart that may run counter to society's prescriptions and rules.It is a love story beween two men that emerges out of a totally unlikely place, the cowboy world of windswept Wyoming in 1963. Yet from those first dusty scenes where Ennis del Mar (played by Heath Ledger) and Jack Twist (played by Jake Gyllenhaal)are hired to herd sheep, we begin to see a beautiful world of high mountain pastures on Brokeback Mountain, where the pressures of society and civilization can be left behind and gradually these two men can shed the confines of prejudice and social roles and experience first physical and then emotional love for each other. To a certain extent, high above the world of civilization, in a more natural state, these two young men enter an Eden. It is a Garden of Eden first in its natural beauty and then second in the love that is allowed to flourish there. I use the term Eden because throughout the film, Ennis and Jack try to return there - to recapture the young love they felt for each other, and to meet their sexual needs.But civilization calls, and these two young men return to the lowlands, collect their pay, and painfully part ways. Ennis hits a brick wall with his bare fist in a hidden alley, for he is a man who is more comfortable with physical pain than emotional pain.  Jack returns to the worksite the following year, eager to relive the experience, but stopped by Randy Quaid, the foreman, as well as Ennis' decision not to show up again.Both men marry. Ennis marries a vulnerable country girl reared from the same strong stock of no-illusion people from which he was reared. Jack almost starves until he is picked by a rich cowgirl who has been denied nothing by her father. Anne Hathaway plays the wife of Jack. What is it about the man who desires other men that appears mysterious and unobtainable to some women? Part of the dynamic between Anne and Jack is that she is a young woman who has been given everything, yet she marries a man with a hidden ability to love inside that she will never be able to touch, she will only always remain aware that it is there and it is not meant for her.Michelle Williams plays Ennis' wife, Alma. Some of the most painful scenes of the film involve Alma as she gradually begins to learn the secrets of the silent man she has married. After 4 years, Jack writes a postcard to Ennis, asking if he would like to get together. Ennis responds and a date is determined. On the day that Jack is supposed to arrive, Ennis is a bundle of bad nerves, pacing, sad and fearful of a no-show, restless, depressed as a way to deal with his repressed longing, energized, agaitated at the kids, and this odd state of mind/body is certainly observed by his sensitive young wife. When Jack arrives, Ennis runs out of the house to greet him, pulls him from his truck, and the two men kiss with a flood of repressed love and lust and longing. Yet Alma opens the front door and observes this embrace and knows that this is a passion she has never experienced with Ennis.Jack Twist, played superbly by Jake Gyllenhaal, emerges as the character that is most emotionally available. He makes himself available to Ennis and is the most open to these two men divorcing their wives and becoming life partners. He is aware of his needs and has sex with other men beside Ennis. He is the one who continually pushes Ennis to experience the hidden rumblings of the heart.Ennis del Mar, played perfectly by Heath Ledger, is an emotionally more complex and stunted character. Yet it is the character growth of Ennis that in some ways is the real trajectory of the story. The trajectory of this story is not boy meets boy, boy loses boy, boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy finally find boy again. It is rather a more complex path of self awareness where pain is the surgical tool that reveals Ennis to himself. He does lose Alma, he does lose Jack, but in the end we see a changed man. When an available attractive young woman begins to seduce him, he is pulled into her orbit due to his need for comfort from his loses. HOwever, he realizes he will never be happy with this young woman and she will never be fulfilled with him. He ends the budding romance in a way that tells us he has gained in wisdom and self knowledge. In the end we see Ennis as a wounded and broken fellow, destined to mourn the love he could have nourished and experienced, and yet we see him begin to celebrate the budding love of his eldest daughter.This is mature matter. We all make poor or uninformed or unconscious choices. We all treat life as if it would go on forever and we don't need to make hard choices because we will always get a second chance. These two men were not especially strong heroic fellows, they were victims of societal pressures and their own emotional boundaries and awareness. Sometimes we do our best to understand ourselves and the world and it still comes out a tragedy. Knowing this, we must be grateful for those times of communion of the heart, which come to us like grace, like an unsought gift, but which transforms us forever.
I just finished watching Brokeback Mountain.  I had heard many things about the movie: that is would leave me sobbing, that is was tragic, sad; most agreed it was well-deserving of it's Oscar nomination.Indeed, it was an excellent film about life, about love.  And if you have read any of my other reviews (or know me), you know that I very much enjoy films and stories that tug at our heartstrings and emotions.  Unlike Philadelphia, which left me sobbing at the end of the movie, this film was similar more so to the emotional strength of Torch Song Trilogy (minus Harvey Fierstein and some fabulous show tunes).The film takes us on a journey between 2 individuals (played well by Jake and Heath), and transports the viewer over 20 years, beginning in 1963.  The film is set mostly in Wyoming (though filmed in Canada).  It follows the emotional journey of 2 men who attempt to come to grips with their inner desires and sexuality.  After spending the summer of 1963 as ranch hands, both return to their "normal" lives, 1 in Wyoming, the other in Texas.  They marry, have children, and attempt to blend in with societal norms (just as some people try to do in 2006).  Years later, they reunite, and the emotional ties are even stronger.  As each year passes, they come together for a visit on Brokeback Mountain, where they first met and worked.This is not a gay cowboy film, hardly.  This IS a film about people, and how difficult it can be to care so deeply for another human being.  To love someone so much it hurts.  I am sure others watching the film like me can only hope we'll find someone in our life who will love us with so much courage and emotion.  This applies to people from all walks of life.As I watched the film, I couldn't help but think of Matthew Shepard, the young man from Wyoming who was brutally beaten and killed for his sexuality - sadly, his death occurred in 1998.  Proof our society has yet to understand the dynamics of love, set forth in this film.  After mainstream theaters decided they would cash in and show the film to general audiences (it was originally a limited release film, in "select" theaters), I read an article that described the ending as tragic.  I would beg to differ, and will leave that to each individual viewer.I did manage to see Crash in theaters (the film that beat Brokeback for the Oscar), and must admit, it was deserving of the award.  It was equally, if not more intense emotionally, on an far greater scale.  But Brokeback Mountain was also a tremendous film.
I loved the movie. It shows how we suffer instead of living happiness that it is in front of us. I wish we could be brave and not follow all society rules. Give love a chance when we find it.
Wonderful movie. It reminded me of a Romeo and Juliet story. I'll be buying it the day it comes to DVD. Excellent.
The story touched my heart.  The acting of two actors are excellent.  If it had Chinese subtitle, that would be perfect.
This film about forbidden love during a time when coming out of the closet could get you killed is truly heartbreaking.  The screenplay stayed true to the short story and the actors took on their roles with maturity and dedication.  Anyone who refers to this film as 'that Gay cowboy movie' has probably not watched the entire film.  The story goes far deeper than sex.  Excellent writing and direction as well as beautiful scenery.Chrissy K. McVay - Author
I really think Brokeback Mountain is one of my favorite movies now. Both Heath & Jake are both wonderful in it. But I have admit I liked Jake betterThe 2nd half of it I needed several kleenexs.I do not undertand how the movie Crash won over Brokeback Mountain at the Oscars.
When Jack is standing by the campfire, Innis comes up behind him and puts his arms around him.  Innis says with, great tenderness. "Come Jack, You're like an old horse, asleep on your feet."  Innis is unable to show emotion unless it is torn out of his gut.  This moment shows what Innis would have been, his true self, if his life had been different.  This if one of the defining moments of the film for me.  His parents had died and his siblings didn't have room for him.  And, of course, his father showed his children awful things.  This is not to say that he wouldn't have been homosexual.
EXCELLENT movie. Whether you are for or against or indifferent to homosexuality, your preconceived prejudices won't stand up to this movie. When you get down to it, it's just an emotional, tragic, love story that tugs at the heart on so many levels BEYOND the homsexuality story. There are so many issues being dealt with in this movie that if you try to focus only on the "gayness" of it, you will miss a great message and the essential point of the entire movie. I cried a lot. Great acting.
for me in this movie, love transcends the principles of logic and should not be constraint or even suppressed by any societal forces..........
Amazon.com review, 9 March 2006"Brokeback Mountain" came as a long overdue movie exploring the lives and love of characters whose story has not been told before in a major motion picture, and the comments have been many.  I have to say I was extremely disappointed that "Brokeback" lost the best picture Oscar to "Crash," a fine but far inferior movie.  Whereas "Brokeback" reveals a story that had never been told in literature until Annie Proulx published it in "The New Yorker," and never in film, "Crash" explores issues that are extraordinarily important but that have been explored before, albeit perhaps not in the same innovative way.  Furthermore, unlike "Brokeback," whose plot is poignantly and painfully real, the plot of "Crash" is so filled with coincidences that they nearly mar its message (and it is a message film, not one that tugs at the heart like "Brokeback").  I believe the Academy won't have another opportunity to vote for a film similar to "Brokeback" for years, if ever.  That is a terrible shame.But to "Brokeback."  For once the hype lives up to the film. The performances of Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal are equally well done--beautifully understated with an understanding of their characters and the love they share. Surely they deserved Oscars for their incredible work.  And the love they portray is not a love based only on sex. Their long absences heighten the sex, but their love is based on mutual attraction and compatibility: mutual ways of life, mutual interests, comfort in each other's company,--just as any love is based on these things.Having read the story before I first saw the movie, I knew about the tragic ending. However, the most moving part for me was the climax when Jack tells Ennis they could have had a life together. Because of his lack of self acceptance, Ennis had long ago ruled that life out, and the regret Heath Ledger as Ennis expresses in his final scene is heartbreaking and even more moving the second time I saw the film. I've known too many like him in my own life as a gay man.The picture is directed and filmed beautifully. The gorgeous Wyoming (Canadian) mountain scenery matches the love Jack and Ennis express there, just as Ennis's squalid apartment and trailer match the sad, alternative family life he creates in the one and the barren life his own self denial and timidity create in the other. The symbolism fits well. A magnificent movie at every level, a lasting testament to all the artists involved, from Annie Proulx, Diana Ossana, Larry McMurtry, and Ang Lee to everyone else, including Rufus Wainwright, the openly gay singer on the soundtrack."Brokeback Mountain" deserves all the awards it has won and all the Academy Award nominations it received and the three it won.
Brokeback Mountain is a love story that cuts across lines of gender and sexuality, gripping the viewer with a dreadful sorrow that the deep and passionate devotion that these two lovers feel for each other is forbidden to them, on sentence of death. I cannot imagine how anyone but the most hard-hearted and bigoted of viewers could fail to see that the lovers portrayed in Brokeback Mountain are not different from us--whether we be gay or straight, male or female, rural or urban, we are all capable of loving the same way. Their tragedy is simply that society was and is incapable of accepting them. But most of all, above and beyond its controversial topic, Brokeback Mountain is one of the finest examples of filmmaking I've ever seen. I will make a point of seeing it again before it leaves the theaters.
This is an amazing story of love.  It definitely does the book justice.  Great story, great actors.  I love it!
An amazing film of an amazingly written story. The adaptation of the story to a screenplay was genius, and the film was as beautiful as it was depressing. You have to be a pretty hard hearted individual not to be touched and angered at the story presented here. We all get only one life, and who we choose to love is our own business and no one elses, no matter how much they wish it to be.
I'm not a big fan of homosexual films. Usually they are very flashy and the men or women in the films are either very butchy or very feminine (men)it was not about the physical (how it currently is) it was about the emotional torment they went through.. (let me say my review is not to offend anyone)the reason I bring this up is because the movie is based on how it USED to be in the old days when homosexuality was not accepted so seeing them love each other so much regardless of the lives they were supposed to be living. I can tell you that the ending definitely made me cry.
Now that the hype surrounding Brokeback Mountain has started to die down, one can get past all of the superlatives heralding Ang Lee's film as a classic and all of the jokey puns on the film's title and concentrate on what makes it really work: the love story between two men. Much was made about it being the first mainstream movie about gay cowboys but it was also an achievement for Lee that he was able to bounce back from the commercial and critical disappointment that was Hulk.Heath Ledger has gone from teen comedies like 10 Things I Hate About You to such diverse roles as the ones in Lords of Dogtown and The Brothers Grimm. This performance may be his finest yet. It is a very internalized one. Ennis doesn't communicate very much verbally but rather through physical gestures and by his eyes. It also doesn't hurt that Ledger has the rugged good looks that are ideal for this role.Jake Gyllenhaal turns in yet another excellent performance as a hopeless romantic stuck in a marriage with someone he doesn't truly love. One gets the feeling that the time away from Ennis affects him the most but it is only because it is visible in the way he acts and in his eyes. He's the one who pushes hardest from the two of them to discard their traditional lives and be together all the time. However, as the film progresses, we begin to realize that their time apart hurts Ennis just as much - he just keeps it bottled up inside.There is a touching intimacy to Jack and Ennis' relationship. It isn't just physical, it is also about companionship. When you spend that amount of time with someone you get to know them really well. It is the kind of relationship that changes the course of their lives. Ultimately, Brokeback Mountain is a tragic love story - even more so because we get to know Jack and Ennis so well. We become emotionally invested in their lives and we know that they can never be together in the way that they would like. Ang Lee's film is one of those rare ones that actually does live up to its hype and definitely worth a look."On Being a Cowboy" takes a look at the cowboy camp that the actors went through so that they could get an idea of what that kind of life was like and portray it convincingly on camera. Ledger actually grew up on a farm and had plenty of experience riding horses."Directing from the Heart: Ang Lee" is a love fest for the director. The cast praise his direction and talk about how much they admire him."From Script to Screen: Interviews with Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana" features the two screenwriters talking about their first reaction to Annie Proulx's short story that first appeared in the pages of The New Yorker.Finally, there is "Sharing the Story: The Making of Brokeback Mountain" that originally aired on the Logo channel. It follows your typical making of featurette that mixes interview soundbites with clips from the movie. This is a nice if not superficial look at the movie.
Two Thumps Up!!!! Finally a movie that tells the story Of what real love can be... (be your male or female, gay Or Straight)This movie isn't about being gay or straight IT'S ABOUT LOVE...... And heartache, I felt the pain On both sides of the men and women in the film And the price to pay if you don't follow your heart and live a lie, just because you want the world to except you Yes! two men can fall In Love (and It's not all About SEX)and what people think is right or wrong BUT I think everyone should watch this movie with an open Mind And Heart Strange but two woman can be in Love BUT Not two men Doesn't sound fair to me A heart is a heart , And love is Love Be you're two men , two women Or male and female
***** 2005. Directed by Ang Lee and adapted from Annie Proulx'sBrokeback Mountain. Three Academy awards, three Golden Globes and Golden Lion of the 2005 Venice Film Festival. True love between two modern cowboys over a period of 20 years. Souvenirs, time, guilt and risk sublimate this relationship. Deserves all the praise it created. Masterpiece.
Stop me if you've heard this one before: two gay cowboys and a sheep walk into a bar in Wyoming. The one cowboy asks the bartender, "say, do you serve sheep in this bar?" And the bartender says: "Naaahhh, pardner, but we do make some mean Buffalo Wings!"Ba-dump-bump.Anyway, Ang Lee bellies up to a different kind of bar with "Brokeback Mountain", a tale of the Love that Dare Not Speak its Name in 1963 Wyoming, where the men were---umm, well, fairly manly---and the sheep were pretty damned nervous.It's all about Jack and Ennis, two sheep-herds who venture out on the Lone Prair-EE and end up driving a lot more than a herd of sheep across the plains."Brokeback" is just not all that: this movie is Lonnnnng. Dear Jesus, they don't even tell you it's nearly eight hours without a potty break, and yeah, it packs its tale of anguish, terror, and white-hot bull-riding over the course of 30 years or so, but in the end you'll feel like you've been hanging with these two Tumbling Tumbleweeds for a hundred years, old hoss.Now: it's amazing that Ang has been able to package up a sliver of Flyover America and make it palatable even---especially!---to the Upper East side Manhattanite's super-chic & utterly sensitive sensibilities: hey, who doesn't like a movie about gay cowboys! Hell, these are the kinds of Blue Staters *we* can dig---you could even, Hell, take these cowpokes---woops, sheep-pokes---to a Broadway show!But edgy and dark it's not. No, Love is not a "Force of Nature": it's the chemical and biological bilge that clouds the mind until the breeding is done, and then it's either race the pack of little vermin you spawned or pay child support until you're a poor old geezer eating catfood out of a tin.Or not: the real irony of "Brokeback", the real tragic cruelty, is that Jack and Ennis are doing nothing that hasn't been done throughout time, only Mother Nature has no use for them: they're not breeding, and so they've turned into an evolutionary Box Canyon, so to speak. Mother Nature is a real b*tch when it comes down to it: She turns her back on our boys, and the rest just plays out like a gunfight at the Not-O.K. Corral where everybody's packing black talon ammunition and the winner gets an acid bath.Dark and Edgy? Nah, it's just eyeball-rippingly slow and dull, a Lifetime movie with better cinematography.So what we're treated to during the 20 hours this movie takes to unwind is this: lots of strained, mooning looks and glances, a little splendor-in-the-tickle grass by the campfire, and about a century of agonizing over a little innocent putting-from-the-Rough. Sheesh.Acting? It's fine, if you think it's all that hard for two gay Hollywood actors who wear eyeliner and makeup for their roles to 'pretend' to be two gay Wyoming sheep-herders who wear eyeliner and maeup for their roles. Jake Gyllenhaal does his freakish thousand-yard-stare thing in this one, and does it well: he's definitely wearing the chaps in this relationship---by contrast, Heath Ledger is the Nancy, wearing that anxious "but will you respect me in the morning" look. The chicks (Anne Hathaway, Michelle Williams) are just props.If Ang Lee had wanted "Brokeback" to be truly dangerous and edgy, he would have made a full-bore porn flick and let the MPAA slap the damned thing with an NC-17, and really pushed the sex in our faces: made it one sensuous, liquescent romp of riding and roping and driving those cattle across the plains! Don't gotta understand them, just drive and rope and brand them, Rawhide! Then he could have really marketed the WIDESCREEN version of the flick, for those looking for something really uncut, so to speak.Or at the least, he could have broken up the monotony with a raid by a war party of Apaches, or even had Jack do a little "Crouching Tiger" maneuver, chasing Ennis through the trees and prefacing their wild coupling with a little bamboo staff-fighting. That would have rocked, and I would have given this flick at least three stars.Alas, no dice: we just get a prettier version of "Bridges of Madison County", which Gylenhaal filling in for Clint and Heath wearing the prairie skirt. Our fathers got John Wayne battling Apaches and Commanches: our generation gets Heath and Jake bumping uglies on the Lone Prairie. Is it any wonder we're messed up?In the end, you'd be better off checking out "Open Range", which is basically the same story, only with a gunfight, a hanging, and a helluva lot more sublimation.JSG
One thing is certain...anything that humanity knows is important, and must be changed for the better will be made into a movie. Hollywood give us directors, and writers who act through their soul, and deliver this soul to the audience. It is no wonder that movies like Brokeback Mountain will be nominated for Oscar and be given award. This movie is certainly a relieve from all the lack-of-content movies we always see (movies like The Transporter or Wedding Crasher). Unlike movies such as the Hotel Rwanda or Passion of the Christ, this movie does NOT rely on religious and propaganda brainwash. It is based purely on the soul, and skills of the producers, making this movie a route to humanity's best.
As the first reviewer of this product simply decided to spread hate speech rather than review the film itself perhaps someone should. The film is brilliant.  The cinematography is breathtaking, and the acting couldn't have been better if it were a documentary.As for the first "reviewer"  the film is about unrequited love, not something as simple as "gay cowboys"  Something which by the way is entirely plausible.  Are you aware that eight percent of all sheep are gay? How about the fact that penguins will mate with members of the same sex? Just because gay people can not procreate does not mean it is not natural.  Maybe you should go read a book written by a scientist rather than a barely literate hate monger.
Finally, we went to see the movie Brokeback Mountain this Sunday. This movie is about the love affair between two cow boys Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist in 1963. After seeing this movie and I couldn't calm down my sorrow for awhile. We are kind of being spoiled of living in 2006 today, but I know some people who are still living in a closet like Ennis and Jack in the movie.After the movie, I have few questions to ask you:1)  How can you tell your husband is not gay? Or you are fooling your 100% straight husband right now on a same boat (lesbian)?2)  If you are a gay straight man (living in a closet with a family), would you continue to blind yourself and the others? But Why (Remind you that life is short!)3)  If gay is wrong and have to be suppressed, then how about love? Is love wrong and it has to be suppressed too? Who can approve two human beings can love or not love each other. Society, religious, government or ....If gay is a choice, do you choose to be straight? I think we all just have to listen to the heart carefully.At the end of the movie, I had a song came out in my head and it matched the ending of the movie very much.Here I am playing with those memories againAnd just when I thought time had set me freeThose thoughts of you keep taunting meHolding you, a feeling I never outgrewThough each and every part of me has triedOnly you can fill that space insideSo there's no sense pretendingMy heart it's not mendingChorus:Just when I thought I was over youJust when I thought I could stand on my ownOh baby those memories come crashing throughAnd I just can't go on without youOn my own I've tried to make the best of it aloneI've done everything I can to ease the painBut only you can stop the rainI just can't live without youI miss everything about youChorusIt's just no good without youWithout you, without you, without youAir Supply / Here I am
I saw Brokeback four times in the a movie cinema . Why, because for the first time I saw my story on the screen. Being from a small town where everyone knows everyone. Being gay was not something you wanted people to know even in the 80s...so you find the dark places where maybe no one will see you..the Brokeback Mountains in our small towns. Thanks to all that made BM possible...maybe some young person will see it and not have to wait 20 plus years to know we will never go back to BM! And, don't ask don't tell is anti-America. (2011)
a simple story delivered with incredible emotion and conviction... stunning cinematography and remarkable performances...
"Brokeback Mountain" is, of all things, not dissimilar to "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" or "The Sixth Sense," in that it casts its spell so deliberately and carefully, you have to pay extra-special attention to it during the set-up.  Some will react with impatience, finding the opening scenes between two taciturn ranch hands meeting and not saying much to each other over a long summer herding sheep in the Wyoming mountains (actually filmed in Canada) too deliberate.  But when the dramatic moments come, they come like a prairie thunderbolt, and you realize with a shock how carefully Ang Lee and his brilliant cast (all sensational, but Ledger and Gyllenhall are iconic) have set up your expectations, have hooked you so throughly that you are hit as if it were a sucker punch.  The longing glances, the quiet moods, the mournful soundtrack, the pristine vistas all contrast with moments where the characters' passions explode--into love, into violence, into heartbreak.  Jack and Ennis' tragedy spills over into the lives of almost everyone they touch, due to societal pressures and the overwhelming suffocation of silent conformity; when, late in the picture, one realizes what his life has been come to and what has been lost, it's a 3-handkerchief moment.  Yes, there's about 1 minute of implied sex--much less explicit than your average PG-13 movie with a male-female couple--but it's the moments before and after the coupling that haunt you: Ledger getting the first kiss of his life, and finally realizing that someone truly loves him; Gyllenhall's amazing tenderness and strength as he tries to corrall a man who's even more resistant than the wild horses and bulls he futilely tries to tame.  Again, this is a movie that fits Ang Lee's oeuvre of charcters at war between their inner passions and desires and a community that encourages conformity and self-denial; it will make you work, and demand much from a filmgoer.  But after a cautiously positive reaction seeing it the first time, I found myself seeing it again and being overwhelmed by its emotional impact, to the point where I actually think/thought about the characters as real people.  Oscars or no, the 22+ organizations that named this the Best Film of 2005 weren't wrong: it wraps around you like a pair of strong arms encased in a warm flannel shirt, and doesn't let go.  This is a love story for the ages.
I avoided seeing this movie in the theater for a couple of reasons: First off I am tired of the current crop of pretty-boy actors who trade on their looks to mask a lack of talent. I had assumed that this movie, having Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal in the leads, would be the same. Boy was I wrong! I was seriously impressed with both these actors; they deserved all the accolades they received. I hope that they will choose well in the future because these are talented actors who deserve good roles in good movies.The second reason was the constant, endless hype. Let's be honest: this was not "a movie that had to be made" nor was this "a story that had to be told". In point of fact this story already had been told, though not nearly as well, by "Another Country" and Merchant-Ivory's "Maurice". That being said, what this is is an extraordinarily GOOD movie.Unfortunately, there are so many groups with agendas regarding this movie; you would think it was 3 or 4 different movies just judging from what people say. This is not an allegory on "Gay Marriage" or the "Gay Lifestyle", or anything else, good or bad. This is simply an extremely well written, photographed and acted love story were the two lovers happen to be men.I'll skip over the story, which I'm sure everyone should know by now, and explain why, in my opinion; this is such a great movie:Firstly is the subtlety of the movie. There is nothing slapping you in the face, and you have to watch the movie several times to see all the little subplots. The dialog is extremely well written, and again, you have to pay close attention because you WILL miss things that will become important later in the movie. Secondly are the characters. I found it fascinating how the character of Enis is not particularly likeable, but is far and away the most sympathetic character. Conversely, the character of Jack is extremely likeable, but I didn't find him terribly sympathetic. Although I have to admit, that for me, Jacks "likeability factor" went down several notches in the last scene with Jack and Enis. I think what he said to him was extremely cruel. But, since it was obviously not calculated cruelty, you still end up liking him. Much has been made of the two female supporting actresses. I think they did a fine job, but they were secondary at best to the Jack and Enis characters and found neither of them likeable in the least.Finally what I've heard called the "ewww factor" (ewww two guys having sex, ewww two guys in love). Guys, I guarantee you'll have "seen" more the last time you were at the gym. The "love scene" was, in my opinion more of a rape scene for all that they both knew what they were doing, and was very tastefully done. If tastefully is the word, but I think you get my drift. Aside from that, as far as any overt affection between Enis and Jack goes, if you've ever given your best buddy a big ol' bear hug and maybe a peck on the cheek after a few beers, you're not gonna see anything that will shock you. And if you've never done that, bud you have issues and should NOT watch this movie!To sum up, this is a movie you have to make up your own mind about, but you really should watch. I found it a truly moving movie, beautifully photographed, extremely well written and with truly outstanding performances by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal. But fair warning, as the last scene fades out, you're going to feel an overwhelming need to give someone you love a hug!
[...] reviewed Mein Kampf and I have no idea how he stumbled into a screening of this beautiful, heart-wrenching, universal love story. Even for those who think "gay cowboys...ick!" honestly you forget about that about halfway through. For the rest of us who have been (im)patiently waiting to see an honest, adult depiction of a gay love story, this film is an overdue triumph. Whatever accolades it receives in future, and no matter what backlash it attracts, this film will remain the first of its kind - prominent fimmakers dealing with gay love. Which, as it happens, ain't that freakishly different from straight love. Peace.
Silence speaks louder than words... Love speaks louder than words ...I'm a university professor and I tend to consider myself as a rather rational-intellectual and somewhat stoic person... but then came Brokeback Mountain which caught me off guard and has generated in me unforeseen emotion.Brokeback Mountain is at once the most lyrical, powerful, inspirational, yet heart-wrenching film in a long time, without doubt one of the most important and greatest films of the last few decades. This is truly an exceptional achievement, a landmark film with an amazing story/script, outstanding and exceptional acting, masterful direction, unhurried and controlled pace, breathtaking cinematography, simple yet excellent and beautiful music, and most importantly, unprecedented emotional impact. Its treatment of human nature, loneliness, longing for love, self-repression, intolerance, is done with admirable subtlety and sensitivity. This story is simply universal. Images of this film and stirring emotions will haunt you for days and weeks.  This is an extraordinary deeply moving film... simply unforgettable!Brokeback Mountain is a rare work of art in which silence speaks louder than words. Eyes and smiles can be very eloquent. Sometimes words are not necessary and are simply obstacles to the truest expression. Ennis's visit to Jack's room near the end of the film is a scene in total silence: he is alone and no word is uttered. Yet, this is surely one the most powerful and probably one of the most unforgettable scenes in recent cinematic history for its meaning and emotional impact... love speaks louder than words. Ang Lee realizes the full power of image in his exploration of the most intimate human emotions. Avoiding facile and superficial stereotypes, the great author Annie Proulx and director Ang Lee have created truer-than-life characters and, thanks of course to the unforgettable and heartbreaking performances of Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, "Ennis and Jack" now live forever, they are now undeniably part of the American literary and cinematic culture. How many other films have accomplished this in recent years?Brokeback Mountain will remain a milestone in cinematic history and is already considered a "reference". This film has been talked about all over the world and has attained unprecedented internationally acclaim - the "Brokeback phenomenon" has significantly crossed borders and, through the media and the Internet, has reached numerous foreign countries. Rarely did a film have such a strong impact on society, in the media, and with the general public. Brokeback Mountain has undeniably been the "Most Acclaimed and Honoured Film" of 2005 (and, as a matter of fact, of the last decade) and will of course be remembered as "THE" movie-event and most important film of 2005 despite the inexplicable absence of an Oscar for Best Picture to its already impressive crown.It's sad to say, but the recent disgraceful Oscar scandal proved how "important" and "necessary" this film is, and how many boundaries there are still to be conquered. After receiving dozens of prestigious awards worldwide, Brokeback Mountain might have been too subtle, too true, simply "too good", for the LA-based Academy... yes, the more I think of it, the feelings expressed in BBM are probably much too sincere and too profound for the Hollywood peanut gallery who often seems to prefer car crashes, car chases, explosions, fire, violence, rape, theft, gun shots, murders, etc. In any case, the newly released DVD of Brokeback will stand as a permanent reminder of how great this film is and how unimportant, irrelevant and meaningless the Oscars and the Academy really are.Countless people from all walks of life around the world will never forget Brokeback Mountain. This film is not pushing a specific moral, instead, it makes us think, it makes us feel, it makes us reflect on the true meaning and value of our lives.If you haven't seen this film yet, get the DVD, enjoy this truly exceptional masterpiece, and "live the Brokeback Mountain experience"!
i bought this movie after watching it, i have as yet not watched it again, the feelings it evokes are too close to the surface to watch it again, i cried a good deal towards the end, it is a must see for those who want to see reall issues with real consequences
When I was writing a review last time, there was  reviewer made some discriminating remarks on homosexuality. This provoked me right away. Many obviously felt it too since the comment was deleted by Amazon. Apparently enough people reported him.Now there is a new comment saying that the characters and master director Ang Lee are mommie's boys, not real men. This obviously came from a simple minded man who believe that men are superior than women, and that men should become those alien creatures with no emotions we see everyday! Just because this film shows spirituality does not mean that these people are mommie's boys, and if they are, I think a world full of these people will be better than a world full of you!
I saw this movie three months ago, and there is not a day that goes by where I do not think of this movie.  I am not gay, but the story touched me soooo much. Everything about this movie is perfect...the breathtaking cinematography, the touching,simple score that contrasts with the complex feelings of the characters, the brilliant acting, and the flawless script.  Two of the scenes, when Ennis talks to Lureen on the phone, and when Ennis visits Jack's parents, are about as close to film mastery as you can get.  What I love about this movie is that it is so so complex, the characters, including the wives, are so incredibly rich.  Ang Lee does an amazing job with every little detail, from the bit of red nail polish on Lureen's finger during that phone call to the speckled pot that Jack's mother uses, to the different color hats that the two characters wear-Jack wears a black hat and Ennis a white, showing their ying-yang connection- Lee has truly created a GEM of a movie. The biggest praise goes to Annie Proux, whose short story was lovely. I will say this however, I loved the movie even more the second time, I just noticed so many more things.  Anyway, to sum it all up, SEE THIS MOVIE, it has touched me in a way that few recent films have.I just can't seem to quit Brokeback Mountain!!:)
Wow...this one was a gut-punch. Breathtakingly devastating... devastatingly breathtaking. Bored into my soul in a way no movie has in decades. It is such a harsh and sad story of love and dreams unfulfilled.  And really, there is nothing sadder than that...because at the end of it all, no one wants to have "what if's" in their life.While the love story is the at the core, what I got from BBM was the lesson of dreams denied.  When we deny or suppress our dreams and desires and just "settle" because we feel we must or we are made to, we wind up living a life that is less than complete...less than true.  And in so doing, the lives we touch and interact with like ripples in the water are not made fuller by our touch but are made less, are diminished by our touch, in a way. This movie has caused me to delve deep within myself and rediscover my dreams, and it has set me on a path to pursue those dreams and to become true. For that, I thank all involved with this wonderful, deeply touching story.The acting in this movie was gobsmackingly fantastic. I had never paid a whole lot of attention to either Jake Gyllenhaal or Heath Ledger before this, aside from noticing what cuties they were, and they both blew me away.  Heath Ledger WAS Ennis Del Mar - he crawled inside Annie Proulx's creation and wore him like a second skin...his performance was achingly wonderful.  Jake Gyllenhaal was the perfect balance of exuberance and dreamer...his portrayal of Jack's firm belief of the ability of his and Ennis' love to triumph if just given the chance was heartbreaking. Michelle Williams was spot-on...Alma's discovery of her husband's true love was realistically painful and difficult to watch. Anne Hathaway was the perfect Texas wife - I do think she was channeling a woman my family knew back in the day - she had the look and the sound down pat.I'm a Wyoming native, born and raised, and though just a bit younger than the characters of the movie, I did grow up in 1960's - 1980's Wyoming (the era of the story) and I grew up with those types of people - ranch and small town folks who worked damned hard just to make ends meet, drank too much beer, didn't ever show their feelings (regardless of what those feelings were), and just kept eeking out a stark existence day in and day out...worked hard, fought hard, played hard, but rarely smiled and never talked about things.The grand vistas of Wyoming (yeah, I know it was filmed in Alberta, Canada, but it was set in Wyoming), especially of Brokeback Mountain (which I interpret as being in the Big Horn Mountains), formed the perfect backdrop for the heart of the love story.  Surrounded by the majesty that Brokeback is, love just IS - no boundaries, no pre-set definitions or conventions, it just IS.  And, trust me on this, that is really how it is in those Wyoming mountains....love just IS....it lives on its own in the majestic bosom of the mountains - the pull of those mountains is strong...it lasts a lifetime - but taken out of that safe place, love becomes a fragile, and sometimes even ugly, thing.  That is why they had to go back to the mountains...never to Brokeback itself, for that would be too real and too scary for them...but into the mountains, where the beauty of that world shone a soft, safe light on their relationship.  The harsh glare of their home territories (Riverton, Childress) would have torn what they had apart, burned it to ashes...but in the mountains, they could hold it close and keep it safe.The ultimate "lesson" of BBM for me is that when you deny your dreams, you deny yourself...and sentence yourself to a life less than true.  Moral of the story: ~Be true to yourself...be true to your dreams...be true.~
First of all, I just want to lay it out there that I do not agree with most articles I have read by the professional reviewers on various web sites.  There seems to be a real drive in those reviews to emphasise the 'gay' aspect of the film and to make it seem as if the sole purpose of the movie is to make gay relationships more accepted.  The backlash of such reviews is the conservative side coming out and portraying the film as having an 'agenda'.  Unfortuenately this needless bickering overshadows the story of the film, which is a story of love, longing, and raw human passion.  Besides, though I don't know her personally, I'm quite sure that when Annie Proulx wrote the short story of Ennis and Jack, a gay acceptance agenda was the farthest thing from her mind.The story of Jack Twist and Ennis del Mar is so much more than a 'gay cowboy' movie.  It is a tale of the love that you want so badly, but for one reason or another can't have.  That one love that creeps into your life and blindsides you, completely unexpected.  You didn't ask for it and didn't want it but it's there and you can't shake it.  Ang Lee did a brilliant directing job in provoking that 'hole in your soul' feeling, especially in the scene where Ennis and Jack part ways after their summer together and know that it's all come to an end.  They can't go on together and Jack looks longingly in his rearview mirror as distance gains between he and Ennis.  Ennis, so overcome by the confusion of his feelings and sense of loss that he gets that feeling in his stomach like someone has stuck their hand down his throat and pulled out his guts and he ducks to the side of the road with a case of the dry heaves.  The whole scene is shot with such authenticity on the part of the actors that you feel like the characters do.  It's not beautiful, it's not poetic, it's not a good feeling, but you feel it and can identify with it because at some point in our lives, we have all had that agonizing love lost feeling.  That is where Ang Lee has hit pay dirt.  If you read any story by Annie Proulx, you quickly learn that she is not all about what is romantic, good, and right.  She is more about what is true grit, hard life, pure human emotion rather it is wrong or right and often the wrong and right are very blurred in her stories.  I feel that Ang Lee did great justice to the original story by being able to visually blur those same lines.The acting in the movie is superb.  I've read a few reviews that blast Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger for not seeming 'in love'.  Those reviewers must have a very candy-coated sense of just what love is.  I found the love between the characters to be quite blatant, just because they aren't exchanging roses and valentines doesn't mean there is no love.The character of Ennis del Mar is supposed to be very rugged and rough around the edges.  He's a man of few words, and even less emotion.  Certianly not one for endearments.  Ledger's performance as Ennis is spot on.  His quiet but rough nature is perfectly conveyed, especially in the reunion kiss scene between he and Gyllenhaal.  In that one motion of forcefully grabbing the character of Jack by the coat collar and banging him up against the side of the building only to lay one of the most passionately hungry screen kisses I've ever seen on him was breathtaking.  You get a real sense of the character emotion that carries throughout the movie.  I found myself empathizing with Ennis's "you-dirty-son-of-a-bitch-how-dare-you-do-this-to-me-but-thank-god-you're-here" emotion, and judging by the mix of smiles and tears in the theater, I don't think I was the only one who felt that way.  That kind of audience empathy speaks volumes for Ledger's portrayal.Jack Twist is a more emotionally charged character.  He knows he loves Ennis, and is happy for it.  He doesn't have the guilt feelings or the hang-ups in the relationship that Ennis does.  Jake Gyllenhaal embodies the rugged showman that is Jack.  Jack is the one that can bring the emotion from Ennis be it either by making Ennis laugh with some rediculious story or silly shenanigans or by pushing Ennis to the edge of his anger by laying the true emotions between them on the table.  Gyllenhaal puts the perfect spin on this character dynamic.  He's funny, emotional, loving, yet rough and antagonistic.  To genuinely portray such a multifaceted character is an attribute to Mr. Gyllenhaal's acting abilities.The two actors play so well off of each other that you find yourself entranced by them and it is very difficult to seperate the actors from the characters.  They blend so perfectly that it's difficult to imagine that Ennis del Mar and Jack Twist are not real people.  Though I am not an actor, I would think that bringing that intense of a believability to your acting is the penticle of what you strive for as an artist.  Jake and Heath reach that level with ease in this movie.I would recommend this movie to anyone, even my boss who swears that this movie has made John Wayne turn in his grave.  I think as an actor and an artist, and most of all as a human being, even good ol' Mr. Wayne would know the brilliance of this movie.  Even two weeks after having the Brokeback experience, I still find myself obsessed with Jack and Ennis.  This movie reawakened some lost feelings in me.  The sense of frustratiion, longing, and loss that happens to all of us.  It has reminded me of that gaping hole that is still in my heart that yearns for the one that I couldn't have.  This movie awakened a part of my soul that had been sleeping for a while, and for that I am eternally grateful to Annie Prolux for putting it out there on paper, to Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana for so genuinely rewriting it so it could hit the big screen, to Ang Lee for his brilliant vision and insight into human passion, and of course to the actors for bringing all of Prolux's rough-edged characters to life.
This movie has literally left me and emotional wreck. I have now seeen it 4 times and each time leave crying uncontrollably.  I never expected to feel like this when I went to see it.  It stays with me , I cry every day , not just shedding a few tears, I mean cry hard with the tears running off my face.  I felt this movie right to my core .  Jake Gyllenhall was outstanding as Jack twist and brought his character to life with such emotion , those eyes of his really impacted the character, he has such soulful, loving eyes.  I was devasted for Jack .  I never saw two gay men , jsut two people who fell in love very unexpectedly.  I cannot see another movie for some time now.  When I leave the theater , I feel like i am homesick and just want to experience it again and again.  Goe see this movie!
I am writing this review to conteract the reviews of two prjudice sexists on the review board, Ryan Tierney "Ryan" and luv_nature. Both of these reviewers know the two men in Brokeback Mountain are in love, and that it is an incredible love story. Yet, they are enforcing the idea that traditional Western thinking of homophobia is the standard of the film. Instead of embracing such though provoking, and wonderful movie, they are what reviewer, Robert Frost, called "Propaganda Driven Activists."The comments they left are in no way helpful to the movie, and should not even exist on the review board. This is a incredible movie, and we all know it. If there are any more of you prejudice sexists that judge this film on your personal bias, get off the board immediately so that others may enjoy the film.
Having read the original short story by Proulx a few years ago, I was surprised by how well a tale of love between two cowboys set against a panaromic Wyoming backdrop was told. When I learned that the 60-page short story would become a film directed by celebrated director Lee Ang, I hoped it would be made soon.By now, most people would have associated Brokeback Mountain with gay forbidden love. The truth is, Brokeback Mountain is just a very simple tale of arduous love and anyone with an ounce of emotion should watch.The union of director Lee Ang, scriptwriters Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana, and the cast results in one of the most exquisite and endearing films made in the last few years.Lee Ang possesses the talent for slow, intricate and subtle film direction. He pays attention to almost every aspect from simple small gestures to complex emotional strifes set against the magnificent mountain view.McMurtry and Ossana also adapted the story faithfully except for the fact that the two male leads were originally much less desirable than Ledger and Gyllenhaal with bucked-tooth and stocky bodies.The assembled cast is the third link which leads the film to flight. Heath Ledger, the stoic straight-man type is caught unexpectedly in a tangled web of emotions for a fellow cowboy, something that had never crossed his less-than-queer mind. A man of few words, Ledger plays Ennis to perfection when he displays the inner turmoil that Ennis enountered trying to live his life the way it is and learning to love Jack. Every time Ledger breaks down and cries in the film, it's when you'll feel him.Jake Gyllenhaal is the hopeful companion who prays for the day that the union could yield the type of permanence he so craved for instead of "a couple of high-altitude fs once or twice in a year." And he waited for 20 years until the audience shares his anguish and unfulfilled yearnings by the time he lashed out on what they ever have left is Brokeback Mountain.Michelle Williams plays the silent, long-suffering wife who witnessed the earth-shattering and ultimately heartbreaking kiss shared between Ennis and Jack after 4 years of separation. Williams is exceptionally sorrowful, swallowing her unspoken hurt until she could hold it no more that she wanted to hear the truth out of Ennis' mouth years after her remarriage. Williams' acting powress is certainly validated by the expression she showed at the instance of that unexpected kiss and the heartwrenching exchange with Ledger.Anne Hathaway plays a rich girl whose expertise is in making money not relationships. Given her short screentime, her change from a brash rich rodeo queen to a high-society career woman and finally a emotionless and grieving widow expands her acting abilities beyond her impish Princess Diary-self.Many unions, liasions and break-ups later, Brokeback Mountain emerges as a tragic yet bittersweet and endearing tale of love between four suffering people afflicted with varying degrees of attachment but all not willing to let go. To me, this suffices as more than a gay cowboy story. To enjoy Brokeback Mountain, an open mind and eyes are definitely pre-requisites. (A+)
Brokeback Mountain is now available on DVD.  Heath Ledger stars in the film as Ennis.  He comes from a difficult background and seemingly broken home.  He takes a job as a rancher and meets Jack.  Jack is a rancher working rodeo.  Their bosss (Randy Quaid) has them working on the top of Brokeback Mountain isolated from the rest of the world.  The two men bond like good friends.  One cold evening Jack invited Enniss into his tent so that he can keep warm.  They soon find themselves embroiled in passion. It's the sixties and homosexuality between Wyoming cowboys is taboo.  They hide their feelings and Ennis initially has a hard time dealing with the situation, even declaring it a "one time thing," even though their trysts continue.  Ennis and Jack soon split up due to a change in their assignments. Ennis goes on to get married and becomes a father.  Jack still has a strong attraction to men but he eventually settles down with a woman.  When the two re-connect after time has passed they continue their hidden love.  Brokeback Mountain is a good movie, a little overhyped, a little soft porn, but a great story about two men living on "The DL."
What a great transcultural, transgender,transunderstanding piece of cinematography. Whether you are gay, straight, or undecided, this is a story about love, the emotion, removing all sexual connotations from its definition. It is the form of love that could happen between two men, as it is represented in the movie, but in its broader sense it is the form of love that can happen between any two people. It is easy to empathize with the loveless wife who sits in the shadows, but maybe one should look at the suffering of all three leads. After all it is not one, but three people who remain unfulfilled, because of the restraints put upon them by a society that tries to define love in what might be a too-limited fashion. To it all add beautiful cinematography and a wonderful soundtrack. If you are watching it with the one you love, or wishing for a love so pure, then watch it...it is very inspirational on many levels. It is hard to imagine a short 65-page story coming together into such a wonderful two hours of sheer entertainment.
I grew up in the era this movie is based on. Let me say I have not yet seen it but it sure is on the top of an own list as soon as it is available..To all of you who havn't seen it, don't knock it or you afraid it might rub off? believe me it won't...
I think this is a wonderful love story that displays the biases in our society, preventing select groups of people from being whom they truly are.  In my opinion, this is a great movie for all to see.  As well, this highlights the late Heath Ledger as a daring and talented actor.  This does pay tribute to him.  A broken mold this movie is with Hollywood finally taking a chance in this direction for a mainstream film.  Congratulations on all who participated.
Every time I watch this film it breaks my heart.  It is one of the most moving I have ever see.  Of course Heath Ledger is great and deserved the Oscar for his work but again, each time I see him I think that Jake Gyllenhall could have been nominated for best actor also.  He is really good.  Wonderful work by two young actors.  The whole movie defines what it means to make a picture.
I've seen many films in my time and been moved by many. I and a great number of people I know--churchgoers, executives, professionals, garage mechanics, athletes etc.--have been nearly unanimous in admitting that this film broke their hearts whether they were straight (a majority of those I know) or gay. "Brokeback" reaches deep into the spirit to touch the existential loneliness we all feel, however loved we may feel ourselves in this life. Amid the stark contrast of lush cinematography of the natural world and the bleakness of man's deteriorating structures, Ennis and Jack have a gnawing hunger to escape this loneliness through each other, and, when that proves impossible because of the interdiction imposed by the time and place, through what passes for a "normal" life of marriage and children. This is a disaster for Ennis and Jack both, a profound agony for Alma, a painful realized truth for Lureen, and aching sadness for Ennis' daughter, Alma Jr.Everyone knows the story by now, but you have to be there as so many people have commented to me, when Ennis breaks down in Jack's arms at (what they don't know to be) their final meeting. Ennis realizes for all of us, whatever our lives have been, the crashing of the house of cards we've built on an emotional relationship--the fear of changes Stevie Nicks sings about in "Landslide." He is facing the Void and is himself empty.This film has more depth than any other I've seen in a long time, surely the best by a hundred miles in the last year, including "Crash". Ledger's performance is way beyond what his young years would make us expect. It is a finely textured rendering of a lost soul barely holding it together--not even the estimable Ang Lee could have gotten that out of an actor less supremely talented; Gyllenhaal brings his "A" game as a perfect counterpoint to Ledger. All of the women are amazing, right down to the waitress who fruitlessly falls in love with Ennis.This is a "must-see" film for anyone whose god is not a homophobe, for this is not a "gay" film by any means, though it includes gay people as just another part of the human family, which is what they are. This is the story  of the human heart stripped to a sad ultimate truth. We each feel that truth in a different way, but we feel it nonetheless.The DVD is fine. The extras are skimpy but fine. Truthfully, the film is so overwhelming any person with a modicum of sensitivity will watch the film several times and not care very much about "extras". Thanks to everyone concerned with giving us this deeply realized work of art.
After seeing the movie "Brokeback Mountain", I was truly moved by the powerful love story between the two main characters, Jack and Ennis. This is one of the few films that kept me thinking days later. To me, there is nothing more refreshing than a movie that "takes a risk". This film was beautifully captivating in every way, and certainly portrays what it is to be in love, no matter what the circumstance. I guarantee that after watching this film, you will feel strongly about what you just witnessed, for me, the feelings were extremely positive. The bottom line is that this movie is really an experience, no matter what your opinions are on the subject matter.
This film is a great Alternative Love story that can touch your heart if your willing to keep an open mind. This film has won several awards, and is well worth the cost of owning it. Not for the close minded or faint of heart. However if you are an open minded hopless romantic then you will love this wonderfull film.
Never has there been a movie that has stuck with me for this long. After i saw the movie, all i could think about was how unbelievably depressing this movie was. These men, are just two guys who happen to fall in love with each other. And this doesnt seem to be the kind of love we have today. This is soulmate, eternal love...the kind that seems it will go on for ever. And then this tragedy happens. (And Heath Ledger's acting in this part was incredible). You really start to think about how much he wanted to live his life with Jack, but he couldnt because he was afraid that it end in one of their deaths, but it still does. And i thought that maybe if they had had their life together, this might not have happened, and that's the tragic thing. This movie has really made an impact on the people who have seen it. Some people are too narrow minded to see beyond the "boringness" of the movie. Not all movies have to be action packed to be good.
I know I really liked and was very moved by this film, and I'm equally sure that the performances were superb. However, all through it, I just wanted to yell out...  "Guys!....I know it's 1963 and you're in WYOMING, for gosh sake, but....PLEASE, go West young man... to San Francisco! Just hang in there a couple of years,  you can buy a soon to be trendy Victorian for a song, convert it, open up a bed and breakfast, and have a fabulous life together!"  Of course, life does not always turn out this way.  This is  a very touching, tragic film about circumstances and events which have happened to many lives, I'm sure, and I feel I'll be better able to write an honest review of it after I've re-watched it . In the meantime I will garner negative votes for this frivilous but well intentioned attempt at humor.
First off let me just say, wow, everyone was right, as a straight male I can truly say this movie touched me in a way no other film ever has. BBM definately deserved the Best Picture Oscar, and what makes me mad is that I really liked Crash, but thanks to the Academy I cant watch it without thinking, how could they choose this over a masterpiece like Brokeback.So most of you already know the story so I'll tell you about how this film affected me. My girlfriend wanted to go see this movie last week and I was actually pretty excited. I saw the previews and thought wow finally something original from Hollywood after a year full of crap. So we went and after the movie was over there were of course people crying but I didnt know what to feel, I thought the ending sucked but the acting was pretty good.Then I found myself thinking it over on the ride home, and all night I dont think I said more than two words to my family, and then as I was getting ready to go to sleep I started to tear up, I called my gf and she had the exact same reaction. Brokeback is a movie that definately touches you, not because its a gay romance, but because its a beautiful parable about loneliness, love, and what it means to be a man. I was reading a review about BBM and what it said was true. BBM was needed because the gay community has become a joke in this country, sure shows like Will and Grace and Queer Eye are out there but it just reinforces the stereotype that all gay men are fashion obsessed, feminine, and funny. Well I have gay friends, and most of them are just like me, theyre regular guys who do manly things and who just so happen to be attracted to other manly man because God made them that way. BBM definately does a lot of good in showing a more realistic side to the gay community.So like I said I hated the ending at first, then I went back to see it this week because I couldnt stop thinking about it, and it was even better the second time, I realized that by ending the way it does BBM shows the courage and strength that gay men have to go through to come out. I found myself asking that if I were gay would I have had the courage to give up everything I ever knew to be with the person I loved. Honestly I dont know if I could, I can sympathize with Ennis because I grew up in his situation, my father and mother have always preached against the sins of the world, including homosexuality, I dont know how Id ever be able to tell them if I were gay. Likewise almost everyone has that doubt that Ennis has, that wish that you had done something to make you happy instead of making everyone else happy, wheter its pursuing a relationship, career, or dream, we all have our regrets in life. What gets to me the most and what caused me to become one of those weeping audience members at the end of the second viewing was that Ennis does what he does in order to protect Jack, and unfortunately it kills him. I truly believe it wouldve been different had Ennis & Jack bought that ranch.The acting is phenominal, Heath Ledger gives one of the greatest screen preformances in history as Ennis Del Mar. Phillip Hoffman won the Oscar this year and I really liked his preformance, but Heath has so little to work with and yet is so heart wrenching. He's able to convey so much by just saying "Jack, I swear" than most actors could show in a whole film. Expect this role to pop up on AFI's list of greatest preformances sometime very soon. Michelle Williams is also a revalation, that scene where she sees Ennis and Jack kissing and essentially sees her world crashing down is so powerful without being showy, and Academy I have a serious complaint, Rachel Weisz, WTF? To say that her preformance was better than Michelle's in Brokeback and Amy Adams in Junebug, you have got to be kidding me, guess being pregnant buys you some serious points doesnt it. Now as for Jake Gylenhaal, the first time I saw BBM I actually didnt understand him, he didnt seem to have any sadness at seeing Ennis go that summer except for when hes in his truck, than I realized why, he was being strong for Ennis, he was essentialy saying im your rock. Its a tough preformance that you have to see more than once to truly appreciate but Jake nails it perfectly. Anne Hathaway as Lureen isnt really given much to work with, but that phone call with Ennis shows shes way more than just a one note actress.Yes, im rambling but its because BBM touched me so much its hard not to praise this film. For all those giving it one stars, you obviously havent watched the movie, because its so much more than two guys having sex, which by the way probably consists of 30 seconds of screen time and almost no nudity save for a shot of Jacks butt which if you cant handle that than how did you ever get through the gym class locker room. Also for all those saying homosexuality is a sin, and BBM glorifies it, the characters end up heart broken and alone, if anything its an anti-gay film, or at least would be if the scenes between Jack and Ennis didnt show that these two men obviously love each other completely, and I was raised Catholic, I believe god loves every one of us and gay people are born that way, and I think theyre put on this earth to teach us what real love is.Brokeback is definately an instant classic, and will go in my DVD collection right next to Citizen Kane and Million Dollar Baby as my all time favorites. And for those who felt it got shafted at the Oscars, dont worry, Citizen Kane, the greatest movie of all time got 1 Oscar for its screenplay, theres no doubt in my mind that BBM will be remmembered far longer than Crash, and that it will be way up on the AFI's list of the greatest movies of all time.
I'm not surprised that the Academy Awards didn't have the guts to give its Best Picture award to "Brokeback Mountain." Back in 1967 it didn't have the guts to give it to "The Graduate" although Mike Nichols, who directed "The Graduate," won the Oscar for Best Director. Sound familiar? Besides Ang Lee, the director of "Brokeback Mountain," winning the Best Director Oscar, a racially diverse movie called "In the Heat of the Night" won the Best Picture Oscar. History repeats itself.It's too bad that the Academy Awards still haven't grown up or matured in any shape or form. People keep talking about how stuffy the English are. Well, I'll tell you this. At least England voted for a woman as their Prime Minister (Margaret Thatcher) unlike America. And at least England or BAFTA voted for "Brokeback Mountain" as the Best Picture unlike America. America may think it's open-minded, but it is actually the "stuffed shirt."I'm also not surprised that the Academy Awards didn't have the guts to give the Best Foreign Language Picture award to "Paradise Now."
Great movie. Probably the best movie this year. Great story and not because of the "gay cowboy" storyline. Actually once you start watching the movie, the "gay" part doesn't even come into mind, if you give the movie a true chance. The scenery is amazing and the acting is truly award winning. Definietly recommend this movie to others.
I cannot say enough good about this terrific movie.  I dont know if its because of growing up in the country living on a farm, or my time as a rodeo clown but this movie touched me on many levels.  Dont think of it as a "Gay" movie or a "Gay" lovestory.  Approach it as an experiment.  Thats what I did.  Many times.
BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN has been described as "a gay love story."  It is true that the story concerns an on-going relationship between two men, but this is merely the pebble director Ang Lee throws into the pond; the film itself is about the ripples the stone makes, and by examining them in meticulous fashion BROKEBACK creates a portrait of the way human beings are distorted by both external and self-imposed repression.  It is a powerful film, an artful film.  It is also one of the most painful films I have seen, the sort of film from which you emerge with a stunned sensation, and a film that lingers in your mind for a very long time afterward.In terms of plot the movie begins simply enough.  Two ranch hands, Ennis (Heath Ledger) and Jack (Jake Gyllenhaal), are hired to tend sheep on Brokeback Mountain in the summer of 1963.  Ennis is a very self-contained man.  Jack is more outgoing and is presented, in a relatively subtle way, as a man who is open to sexual possibilities.  As the summer progresses they become friends, and as Ennis opens up emotionally the two suddenly begin a sexual relationship.  Although they are careful to tell each other that they are not gay, and although the words "I love you" never cross their lips, the relationship develops into a romantic one.  But all summers must end.  The two men, struggling with emotions they are "not supposed to have" for each other, leave the mountain and each other.  Both men marry; both have children; both go on with their lives.But the stone makes ripples in the pond.  Ennis, more so than Jack, is utterly unable to accept the idea that he is homosexual--and yet when Jack seeks him out several years later it is Ennis who leaps at Jack both sexually and emotionally, and what began as a seemingly transient affair rapidly develops into an overpowering relationship that they must conceal from wives, children, and society--and the consequences of concealment are devastating for all concerned.  This is particularly true of Ennis, who has few internal resources, who is more afraid of social retribution, and who can neither let go of Jack nor bring himself to agree that they can live discreetly together.  The result is a series of internal tragedies, failures, losses, and frustrations, all of which create a deep and abiding pain from which there is no escape.In terms of art, the film is beautifully crafted.  Director Ang Lee approaches his material with a sparse grace and an eye for the telling detail, presenting the characters in such a manner as to allow you see them in the fullest possible way.  He is greatly assisted in this by the remarkably powerful script by Larry McMurty and Diana Ossana, which translates Annie Proulx's memorable short story to the screen in both brilliant recreation and illumination, and by Rodrigo Prieto's simple yet compelling cinematography.  The cast is fine beyond all possible expectation, never sounding a false note, and we believe them from start to finish.  Nothing is either overplayed or underplayed; there is no artificially heightened drama; no manufactured element any kind.  Indeed, with the single exception of an occasional make-up effect, it is virtually impossible to fault the film on any level.  Is it a great masterpiece?  I think it may well be.  Time will tell.The film has been controversial on several fronts, but most particularly for the homosexual relationship that forms the spine of the plot.  Some critics have seen this as evidence of "Hollywood's leftist agenda;" others have stated that the film is the best possible argument for same sex marriage.  To adopt these attitudes, however, is to impose ideas on BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN that do not actually exist in the film.  It is a rare example of a film that does not tell you what to think; it simply presents a story of what things were like, and in some respects are still like, for gay men and their families in America.  It leaves you to make your own judgement about right, wrong, and where sympathy should reside.In closing, I will make an cautionary observation: while I strongly recommend the film, I must note that BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN will likely take a toll on many gay viewers akin to the toll taken by PLATOON on Vietnam vets.  I think this will be particularly true of gay men from largely rural and small town backgrounds and who are presently in their forties or older.  It is profoundly painful to see elements of your life undergo this sort of extremely public autopsy, and had I realized the accuracy of the film I might well have elected to wait for a release to the home market.  Having said this, I also note that in a visual sense BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN really requires the breadth of a movie screen, and I do recommend that it be seen in that format if at all possible.GFT, Amazon Reviewer
My partner and I were both married at one time and met each other, while married. We decided not to continue in a straight setting as the movie stars in this movie did, we divorced and lived happily ever after-32 years now. Our prospective families and children love us both. No regret,no mistake! We made the right choice and the movie is the right choice!!!!Unlike hiding love and loosing that love without resolution as in the movie, we will be buried together and God loves us too. I don't think I'll see people who hate and judge (as only God is impowered to do} in heaven. Buy the movie,open your eyes, you MIGHT JUST GROW IN LIFE!
The picture of the year was stolen from this film. It clearly should have won as the directing and acting was magnificent!
Brokeback Mountain is a film of epic proportions! All involved in this project should be extremely proud of themselves. The film is an Ansel Adams photo come to life, yet with an emotional center that no previous "gay" film has ever had.Too many films have been made about young men coming out of the closet. There's almost a cookie cutter mold for creating these films. Maybe that's part of the reason that this film is so fantastic...it's not about coming out. It's about the far more realistic - not hiding, but simply controlling your feeling, burying your love and remaining "in" the closet. Good or bad, that is what many gay men force themselves to do. Is it bad? That's not for anyone but those men involved to determine. Is it detrimental to them and their lives? Again...For Jack and Ennis (gyllenhaal and ledger), as cowboys in the early 60's all the way through the early 80's, coming out of the closet or even hiding in full view is just not an option. It "doesn't play" you could say.Oh, Jack is willing to take the chance - he's the risk taker of the two, but Ennis...no. Ennis knows what awaits them if they dare openly face their "dark" side.So instead, for over twenty years, these two "straight" cowboys, each with a family of his own, meet clandestinely at the "scene of the crime" - at Brokeback Mountain for a week or so a couple times a year and they maintain their passionate love affair.Are they gay? Are they straight? Are they hiding? Do they really love each other? I'm not going to tell you. That would be spoiling the film for you.Suffice it to say, that no major studio, no major director, no major actors have ever tackled a film of this stature or magnitude. Oh, don't give me the crap about "Philadelphia". It was a cop out. Hanks and Banderas never kissed. They never related to each other. No, this film is the one that will forever be seen as the film that broke all the stereotypes that went before. It is the film that will be referred to in film history books as the one that broke down the walls.Every actor in this film is firing on every cylinder. Ledger, who up until now, I thought was a light weight pretty boy, delivers a tour de force performance. He's the quiet, yet very much NOT the introspective man. He just doesn't have much to say. He swallows his words but you can see every thought as it rolls across his face. Ledger should have the best actor performance nailed. Gyllenhaal, too, delivers a performance of amazing depth and emotional range. His anger...his desperation... his loss... towards the end of the film, is palpable. Michelle Williams (Ledger's actual wife) as Ennis' wife cannot possibly be the same actress who played Jen on Dawson's Creek. No way. This actress is masterful and mature and you certainly can feel her pain. Her face tells the whole story. Randy Quaid and Anne Hathaway also deliver absolutely phenomenal performances. This is a vehicle for some of the best performances you'll ever see on film - ever!This is the film that lets the world know that even the most masculine of men can find deep within themselves an aching need that, no matter how hard they try, cannot be suppressed by playing it straight. These two men tried against all efforts to fit the mold society set for them. But as Jack says, "I guess ol' Brokeback really got us good." They are bound to each other.Does it have flaws? Yes. It's overly long. Twenty minutes could have been shaved off. However, with this film I'm beginning to realize why all of Ang Lee's films seem to drag on too long. He wants to take us along the road with each of his characters to the most complete of jumping off points. He wants us to fully understand them. Is it always effective? No. However, he is the director. And his past efforts are certainly example enough of how masterful this director is. I'll grant him his extra time so long as he continues to show us the true emotional center of characters, instead of relegating an entire character's reason for being to a single line of dialogue as many American films do. Lee's films are much more realistic and allow the audience to truly connect with the characters.I'll be buying this film for certain. It warrants watching over and over (if nothing more than for figuring out what the heck some of the characters are saying from time to time).Simply awesome!
There is a poetry in the way this film is constructed.  Every scene is almost a stand-alone story.  And there isn't a single scene that I didn't wish would last just a few more minutes.  Not a snoozer in the bunch.  From the first scene, where Jack and Ennis are eyeing one another outside the office, the tension between them begins to build.  By the time Ennis and Jack decide to switch places on the mountain, even a blind man could tell you it's going to turn into a love story.  You already know that one night, real soon, those sheep are just going to have to sleep alone.The rest is a 25 year history of a secret love affair.  A quarter century of pain and suffering by two men who couldn't or wouldn't risk bringing the jagged, broken pieces of their lives together, even though they knew how perfectly they fit together.  In the end, they run out of time and options. It all becomes a story of what could have been.
Brokeback Mountain is a rare film that can offer you a different experience each time you see it -- it's good the first time, but amazing the second. That's usually when people who didn't get the fuss "get" it. Like me.It's easy to miss a lot the first time. There is almost nothing on-the-nose in this film. Most of the emotion and story is found between the lines, unfolding almost like a mystery. (E.g., it's difficult to catch the profound significance of the two shirts -- and the order they're hung in -- upon the first viewing. Paying closer attention on second viewing reveals a great deal of importance that happened off screen, and changes how you interpret various scenes.)One doesn't usually expect such subtle intricacies that require multiple viewings from a drama/romance, but the revelations and new understandings you do get from a second or even third viewing of Brokeback are greatly rewarding. This is partly because of the tremendous nuance in the story & performances, and partly because of the clever order in which things are revealed. Because so much is masked and unspoken among the characters, the whole truth or underlying emotion of many moments are veiled from us until long afterward. I strongly recommend seeing it again.When in the theaters, some folks praised or panned Brokeback merely for its subject matter, but both agendas belittle the greatness and scope of the film. It's an expertly told and gorgeously shot subtle drama about the irrepressible power of both love and fear. I'd say it's also about the clash of idealism vs. rigidity, responsibility vs. desire, and deep passion vs. a particularly masculine inability to express emotion.Heath Ledger's aching performance is mesmerizing. The New York Times rightly compared it to the best of Brando and Penn. There's more brewing beneath the surface in his Ennis del Mar than we'll ever truly know -- and that restraint is what allows us to discover new layers each time we see the film. It's as if he capped a volcano and never lets more than a wisp of steam out here and there, yet we can sense the smoldering in the depths. Few lead actors have evoked so much with so few words -- and at times so little of his face, as Ennis likes to hide his eyes beneath the safe brim of his hat, making his direct glances all the more potent. Add to that the subtle ways his voice and body change as he ages 20 years, and you have a performance that I suspect will go down in film history as one of the greats.Jake Gyllenhaal, whose Jack Twist is a little less hidden, also delivers a stellar performance of alternately bottled up pathos and spurts of idealism. Michelle Williams and Anne Hathaway shine equally bright as Alma and Lureen. Hathaway's transformation from spunky young rodeo barrel racer to 40 year old Texas businesswoman shuttering her emotions behind a stoic veil is gut-wrenching.Not a false beat exists in this movie. Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana have so faithfully adapted and artfully expanded Proulx's story in their Oscar-winning screenplay that Proulx said she felt like they (and the other filmmakers) had reached inside her head.The Oscar-winning score by Gustavo Santaollala (whose score for 2004's The Motorcycle Diaries is another of my favorites) is appropriately spare, haunting, and beautifully evocative. He packs more emotional punch with a single guitar than another composer could have with the London Phil. I do wish it were longer, but it's all the film needed and is definitely worth getting once you've seen the movie. Brings it all back.Rodrigo Prieto's cinematography is gorgeous, from the breathtaking mountain expanses to the muted indoor scenes wherein the light is as simple and evocative as the story. Prieto is as gifted with natural (or natural-seeming) light as the great Rodger Deakins. Judy Becker's production design is so dead-on it's hard to imagine it's not all real.I cannot think of a recent drama that has held me in its grip quite like Brokeback Mountain has. Like Proulx's original story, the film powerfully knocked me out of my own life and has haunted me since.However... it's hard not to let all the praise lead to overblown expectations. As well done as it is, it's ultimately just a simple tale about a handful of average folks struggling with their emotions. Because it avoids an easy and false catharsis, it can leave you wanting more. Which is another reason that a second or third viewing is more powerfully moving than the first. It does not easily let you go when it's over.What greater wish could a film lover have? The personal impact of Brokeback Mountain on me was that it made me treasure love more.In a year of some great contenders, Brokeback Mountain still stands out to me as the best film of 2005 -- the one that will probably last with me the longest. For what it's worth, it won more Best Picture awards in 2005 than any film in cinema history, and was the best-reviewed film of the year, on more Top 10 lists and rating #1 on more lists than any other American film.
This is the saddest love story I have ever seen, bar none!  Whether you're gay or straight this story will have a profound effect on many many people.  I believe a lot of people can relate to having a love so strong with another individual but due to certain times, situations, demographics, jobs or other possibly uncontrollable circumstances this love had to stay hidden.  I went and saw this movie three times at the theater and cried my eyes out each time.  Jake Gyllenhaal gave an outstanding and very emotional performance in this movie!  My heart just went out to him (Jack) and he is the reason for my tears.  Heath Ledger also gave an outstanding performance as (Ennis) who just seemed so confused about his heart and feelings.  When I first heard about the movie it was two gay cowboys.  I thought na, not interested.  Started reading reviews and it is so much more.  It makes you think of all that wasted time that could have or should have been spent with that individual.  It was about Love, Wasted Time, and watching your life pass by.  I will definitely buy the DVD when it comes out on the 28th of this month.  This is the best movie I have seen in years.  Powerful, sensitive, heartwrenching and just really makes you think about life and love.  These are two people who didn't look for but found love in an unusual place.  I believe this movie will stay with you a long long time!!  GREAT MOVIE!  If I could rate this more than 5 stars I would!
Bought for my Granddaughter, she was thrilled.Item was more than she expected...Would do bussiness again. Don't know what else to say....
It's not about being gay..or a gay movie...it's all about love....I was amazed by this great story. As a person who really disregarded homosexual....this movie has changed my attitudes toward the homosexual commununity... this movie is A+ and should have won the Best Picutre Award, instead of CRASH.
If you peel away the controversy, look past the fact that this film should have won the Best Picture Oscar, and forget the late-night Comedic jabs, you indeed are left with a wonderful, quiet film. Devoid of any exploitation and containing little violence, "Brokeback" emerges as a wonderfully written, skillfully directed story of two men, circa 1963 that are unable to share their love openly. The performances range from excellent (Jake Gyllenhaal and - especially Michelle Williams) to the amazing, career-defining performance of Heath Ledger as Ennis Del Mar. Known beforehand as a pretty-boy Austrailian Actor, Mr. Ledger masterfully keeps Ennis Del Mar's emotions as tight as a balled-up fist as he is incapable of to show Gyllenhaal's Jack Twist the depth of his love. The final 30 minutes of this film are as wrenching and honest as anything committed to film. Don't miss this film
A beautiful love story.  It is not the story of two men in love, or two women in love, or a man and a woman in love.  It is the story of two PEOPLE in love.  I saw the movie 3 times, before I could get on the DVD 'wait' list.  By, the way, I am a straight woman.
This is such a beautiful character study of two men, living in a part of the country, and a time, in which their immense and passionate love for one another was simply not understood.  It shows so tenderly how they struggle to maintain lives which fit the accepted norms, and only end up damaging the happiness of not only themselves, but their wives as well.  More importantly as the film slowly treks across twenty years in the lives of these men, we see how this experience changes them, and how Ennis's character, in particular, grows over the years. Incredibly acted, poignantly told, everyone should see this film.  It is about as close to perfection as a movie can be.
At long last after one of the longest and best orchestrated promotions, "Brokeback Mountain" opened on a limited showing, which I believe translates into art houses in large cities. Even in Atlanta, Georgia it is now playing in one midtown theatre in a neighborhood where there are more rainbow flags visible than flannel shirts.The film is beautiful to watch if a bit too long. That is to be expected since Mr. Lee had the task of fleshing out a short story into a two hour movie. It is easier to express passage of time with two sentences than on the big screen with two characters who essentially are nonverbal, a second problem as the director had to show a lot of what was going on between the two lead actors with only body language and facial expressions. Additionally, in the short story by Annie Proulx that Mr. Lee and Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana based this movie on the men are not particularly attractive. For instance, in the Proulx account Jack Twist has buckteeth; there ain't nothing buckteeth about Jake Gyllenhaal's smile. He is almost too handsome although he does put on weight as the years pass by.These are minor complaints, however. The movie should not be missed, not only by gay audiences but by the rest of America as well. Both lead actors do a fine job as do the minor characters, particularly Jack Twist's wife. The message is clear: in 1963 in Wyoming-- as in the rest of America-- two masculine "Malboro" men could not have had an open relationship. If they had been hairdressers and town outcasts, maybe. On the other hand, love in whatever form it takes is not to be missed. Isn't that what living is all about anyway?While Mr. Lee, who by the way, is one of our best and most innovative directors-- he never repeats himself-- deviates some from Proulx's story, he keeps the essence of it. In the very end of the movie he adds a poignant touch by having Ennis hang his shirt outside Jack's on the same hanger in his closet, something, as I recall, he does not do in the story.The soundtrack is worth listening to as well, particularly Willie Nelson's version of "He Was A Friend of Mine."We can only hope that the movie gets to a wide audience in Wal-Mart and K-Mart land, where these two men and their families lived.
A riveting film with great performances. I especially underrated performance is Michele. She has a range of emotions that makes her a great actress.
Last Friday night, I mean, early Saturday morning, February 4, around 2. a.m., very anxious about work, I finally started watching the movie "Brokeback Mountain", but I fell asleep after the very first half hour.I had found the first "intimate" sex very much physical (even rough), I mean, not an expression or result of emotional and affective connection or mutual dependence  - and so I lost interest.2. Still when I finished watching the movie the day after, I thought: "Oscar-deserving!"3. It is a very sad - it can be a rather depressing - movie, because it is an adult and mature story. A movie for mature and grown-up people - and I don't know if I can be included among them yet in spite of all my age.4.The two cowboys got aware of the intensity of love "after", in the course of their lives, "little by little"(!), but the love and passion had been there - an absolutely passionate connection indeed - all the time from the very beginning.5. By the way, there are two "iceberg melting" scenes: their meeting and hugging after years apart and when one is punching the other almost in despair ("where am I going without you?").6. They did not try to runaway, to fantasize or "to hide between girl's legs": they simply had no option in the beginning due to their cultural background, inexperience and immaturiy; they had not the means of giving full expression to the best thing that happened in their lives - their mutual love.7. Anyway I must recognise I was very sad after I had seen the movie and spent the rest of the day very depressed.  I had to take Lorax twice.  I don't know when I will see it again yet.8. Heart-breaking particularly in the ending: after the murder, the memories still in the closet and the sky (Heaven) perspective from the window.9. And still I think that, in spite of all, they were enviable because highly, very highly, blessed.10. Great actors (both, and Heath Ledger is ready: superb), great actresses (both wives; the pain, confusion and respect in the first one's eyes is something to notice) , great shots, great movie - who said life is easy?Eight fair nomminations indeed.
I don't think I could add anything to the well-deserved praise this film has already received.  Let me just say that Brokeback Mountain is the best film I've ever seen, and I don't expect to ever see one that will surpass it in my estimation, admiration or esteem.  This movie was a transcendent experience for me, and I will never be the same.  It should have won the Oscar, Heath Ledger should have won the Oscar, Jake Gyllenhaal should have won the Oscar, Michelle Williams should have won the Oscar.  Posterity will never forgive the Academy, and neither will I.
I don't generally review movies because, frankly, I see too many of them.I did see this movie and feel that a review is warranted.Like many, many other people, I was turned off by the whole "brokeback propaganda machine".Let's be frank, here.1.  This is not a "brave" movie.  A gay movie in Hollywood is not a shocking thing.  This thing had "oscar winner" written all over it the moment somebody said, "let's make overtly gay cowboys".  Wanna see a "brave" movie in Hollywood?  Show me a movie about a nice, faithful man who is a good father and husband where religion is a large part of his life.I can name a lot of movies with gay themes.  I can't name many fundamentalist christian movies.  I'm neither gay nor a fundie.  I'm just calling it like I see it.2. This is not a low budget movie.  It had a production budget of $14 million and a cast of at least 5 relatively well-known actors and two who, even before the movie, were some of the hottest properties in Hollywood.3. I wasn't in that much of a hurry to see the movie.  I have nothing against gay people, but if you ask me what I want to see, it's almost always going to be a comedy.  There's enough sadness in the world already.  I want to be entertained, not depressed.  That doesn't make me a homophobe.  It just means that a gay cowboy movie isn't something that excites me.  Nor does a movie about a forbidden love story between two morbidly obese people.  I don't hate fat people, either.  Nor do I think anything about their "love" is bad in any way.  It's just not something I'm going to rush out and see.So, those were my three biggest objections to the movie:  it wasn't "brave", it wasn't a low-budget indie, and if people don't want to see it, that doesn't make them bad human beings.Yet, the buzz was all against that.  The way this movie was played up, you'd have thought it was the reincarnation of the Godfather Part II.  I've seen $200 million blockbusters that didn't get this much press.In the end, the box-office was respectable, but not at all amazing.  I think it ended up grossing about the same as that Kirsten Dunst Movie "Bring It On" about cheerleaders.So, the hype was a major, major turn-off.  The only thing this was missing was Brokeback soft-drink cups at Burger King.We rented the movie.  I have only one criticism of the movie:  Heath Leger mumbles.  Yeah, cinema verite and all that.  I know people mumble in real life.  For obvious reasons, I don't think I'm being unkind when I say that this is not a desireable thing in the movies.  I felt like I was watching Billy Bob Thorton in Slingblade half the time.Okay, all that having been said:  this was a very, very good movie.  I found it to be very well-made, very-well acted, very well written.  It is, in a nutshell, a great work of art.Movie of the year?  No.  Not nearly, and again, this is where the hype, I think, generated a lot of backlash.  It was great in its own way, accomplished everything it could have and did a great job.  However, I don't think it nearly met the standard of, say, Memoirs of a Geisha.  (Also a look into another world and a story of forbidden love, I might add.)This was meant to have an indie feel and it does.  In fact, the one thing that set the production apart from a true indie movie is that the acting was so good.I've heard people say they didn't like Ennis (Heath Leger's character.)  Duh!  So, because he's playing a twink, the guy needs to be likeable?  Who said there can't be unlikeable gay people?  Are we under some delusion that all gay people need to be cheery and fluffy?  I assure you that putting Richard Simmons in a cowboy hat would not have improved this movie.The movie did a good job of introducing Ennis as a young man with no real plans in life (like most young folks, frankly) and watching him evolve into a surly, angry, violent, selfish jerk.The undertone is that it's his frustration and repression that are making him a very, very disagreeable person.  Or maybe he's just an a-hole.  If he had been straight, maybe he would have been just as big of an a-hole.Who says the protagonists in a love-story have to be likeable at all?  Are jerks not allowed to fall in love?  Like the opening words to Anna Karenina:  "happy families are all the same..."  They're boring, which is probably why so few movies are made about them.Unhappy families, we are told, are all unhappy in their own way.  This is the story of an unhappy family, or set of families.I think nearly everybody who saw the movie fell in absolute love with Michelle Williams.  Oh, that poor girl.  Makes us hate Ennis all the more, doesn't it?  That he has a salt of the earth woman and will screw her over?I was leery of any sort of "gay agenda" being pushed in the movie and frankly, there wasn't one.The fears that Leger had are real today, and were especially so in the past.  We know that a person can be killed simply for being gay.It's an ugly fact of polite society that if you drift outside of accepted norms, there are some people who are so stupid and narrow-minded that they will react with violence.  If you're gay, or atheist, or polygamist, or any other number of (what I consider to be) harmless persuasions in life, there are those who not only won't accept you, but will take it as their mission to end you.So, Ennis' fear is real, and the movie explains that he had a particularly horrific episode when he was 9 years old related to the concept of violence against gay people.  Maybe that's why he grew up to be such a jerk.  I would think that growing up knowing people would murder you if they found out who you were would be a heck of a thing to live with.Anyway, this was a very, very good movie and I enjoyed watching it.  Without the hype, I probably would have seen it sooner.A note about the soundtrack:  good lord, talk about over-rated.  A few minimalist, simplistic guitar riffs thrown in here and there.At the end, there's a SWELL of that same guitar riff and it's like the dumbest kid in the middle school's A/V club got control of the mixer.If this is a great soundtrack, then "bear in the big blue house" is the next best thing to Mozart.  I'm surprised the closing credits didn't have the cast singing "goodbye, goodbye, good friends goodbye..."
Well, it's the day after the Academy Awards and while I'll never begrudge Crash for winning Best Picture, especially since it was a very good film, it was Brokeback Mountain that truly spoke to me and resonated in a way that Crash didn't.Adapted from the short story by E. Annie Proulx, Brokeback Mountain tells the gut wrenching story of two young ranch hands who fall in love in the early 1960s.  Ang Lee maps out their relationship up to the early 80s and actors Heath Ledger and Jack Gyllenhaal who play Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist respectively, create fully formed characters each conflicted with demons, and each making different choices with equally devastating consequences.Debate around this movie swirls around the fact that it carries the "sinister" liberal agenda to finally demarginalize the gay lifestyle and bring it to the mainstream.  Brokeback Mountain, if you really look at it, is a statement about how you decide to live your life in the face of social strictures.  And it provides no uplifting answer.  If you try to live your life without apology like Jack, you run the risk of physical harm and if you choose to bottle it up like Ennis, you implode from the weight of your own longing.  And the film isn't just about Jack and Ennis, but how their relationship causes a ripple effect throughout the other people in their lives.Frankly, Brokeback Mountain is a movie whose time has come and it saddens me that Hollywood didn't fully capitalize on the zeitgeist by bestowing the film its best picture prize.  Even in the face of the Academy's snub, Brokeback Mountain still tells its powerful story.  It's beautifully shot, unfurls  very slowly but surely to its hearbreaking end and slightly optimistic coda.  Ultimately, by the end, the viewer will understand the cost of what it takes to be oneself in spite of the world, and sometimes in spite of oneself.
I am not ashamed to admit that I saw this at the movies 41 times. Each time I saw it, it seemed like the audience viewing it with me was totally different demographically from the times before.  This is my new all-time favorite film.  I respect the opinions of the people who say they hated it and that it was 2-1/4 hours of their lives wasted.  I respect that opinion; I just don't understand it.  The acting is great, the scenery is great and it deserved the Oscar for Best Picture.  I guess it's also a matter of personal opinion whose performance was better, Heath's or Jake's.  From a technical standpoint, Heath Ledger nailed the role of his career.  Ennis Del Mar was a more nuanced character and had several more shades of grey than that of Jack Twist.  However, Jake Gyllenhaal's talent can't be denied and I think in some ways I was able to embrace his character much more easily than Heath's.
In this movie, both main actors portray characters which come across as completely believable. Willingly or not, you are drawn to the difficulties they encounter and find yourself immerse and fully identified with both characters and the dilema that rules their entire lives.A must see movie this year!!! Definitely an all-time classic. Buy this film now! You will be happy that you did.
This reminds me of my first tender romantic encounter with a rough man named Zeke during the summer after my 18th birthday.  We weren't cowboys, but instead night stockers at the Food King.  We were often alone at night in that big grocery store and the break room, recieving dock, managers office, and register #1 were the sights of so many of my first tender experiences with this big hairy beast of a man.  (I get tingles just thinking about it).  However aftet that summer I went to college, and he went back to his wife.  I fear the ache in my heart will never be soothed.
I was absolutely satisfied with purchasing the item. Didn't run into any problems what so ever. It was shipped instantly, the DVD was exactly what I expected. Thank you
The review by J. E. Barnes basically says all that I could hope to say about this movie and book.  I bought the book and the screenplay and cannot keep from reading both over and over and will buy the DVD the minute it comes out.  This movie has gotten under my skin and I find myself walking around grieving for these two men and their lost love and suffering.  I believe Heath Ledger did a magnificent job, but I think Jake Gyllenhal (sp?) did just as fine a job as Jack,  a personality so different from Ennis. I could feel their love and desperation and when they first see each other again after four years, I thought I would almost faint from the emotional upheaval of it all.  I think of Jack's comment, "Sometimes I miss you so bad I can hardly stand it." and I could feel what he was saying when he said it.  Anyone who has ever deeply loved, whether it be a lover or a child,  and been separated from that deep love for any period of time knows what kind of true heart pain you feel.  And this movie is about deep deep love which cannot be fully expressed at the time.  It doesn't matter who they are, except that these characters are so fully drawn and presented that you know them --- it's the fact that their love is so present on the screen that you feel it piercing your heart.  I'm not even sure why I am so drawn to this book and movie (I am a hetero female - married with children, etc.), except that it is so much about deep love and it is rare to see anything these days except for those flighty little "chick flicks" that are cute but meaningless.  This is anything but meaningless.  When my husband and I walked into the movie, a woman walking out said, "Good Luck.  I hope you have a lot of kleenex."  But I was numb when I walked out.  I was just completely overcome, even though I had read the book first and knew what it was and what was coming.  I had fallen in love with Ennis and Jack and just wanted to take care of them and ease their pain.  (Of course it didn't hurt that they are both gorgeous...) Just go with an open mind and an open heart and let it reach you.
I have now seen Brokeback twice. The first time I went home not knowing what I thought. I went in expecting a nice love story, and it really isn't nice at all. It shows how awful it was (and in some places still is) to be gay in America. I guess I was sort of mad that they we not happy, and then missed some details in the movie. After seeing it for a second time, I picked up a lot of details and ended up loving the movie. People complain about the "love" scene, and I did at first, but they were just trying to make it realistic. While I personally don't think more than 1% of gay guys jump into sex quite that quick, or in that way, they do do "that."I have talked to LOTS of people who have seen the movie, and while it was not everyone's favorite movie of the year, everyone has liked it.See it before you judge it, and I think chances are you wont feel cheated out of your money.
Its been so long since I've gone to the movie theaterand been challanged by a movie like brokeback mountain.This movie is so well made by todays standards. Its sovisual and beautiful, the directing, acting, music, cinematography, pace, all flow together to create magic.The short story by annie proulx and the adapted screenplayby Diana obssana and larry mcmurtry is fine tuned, slowly paced sothat director ang lee finds all the space he needs to tellthis tragic love story.  I just got blown away by all the many heartbreaking performances, thats why I go to the movies tosee acting, this is a drama not an action flic, you don't see acting this good in a movie by its entire cast.  ang lee did a fantastic job with each actor, they gave their best, heathledger,  Jake gyllenhaal, michelle williams & ann hathaway.A movie with such depth about a subject that still seemsto bring out the best and worst in americans.  Its sad toread so many hateful reviews, many by people who haven't even gone to see it.  Even sadder is to watch the wayits being made fun of, but it's the overwelming postivereception this movie has acheived that can never betaken away.  It may have lost the oscar to "Crash" for bestpicture but all those reasons aside,its  a movie that will live a long time and in the heartsof people for years to come.  America may never agree onthis whole gay issue, but all citizens in this countrydeserve respect and a voice and story to be told.  I can't remember when a moviehas sparked so much debate and that is the best thingthat could have come from this.
I watched this movie with curiosity and got much more than what I expected.  It's more than a gay cowboy movie.  Anyone who ever fell in love can associate with it.  It's artfully directed and beautifully acted.  The whole movie spent a lot of time laying foundation for the final moment of maximum emotional impact.  The final minute, when Ennis said: "Jay, I swear...", moved me to tears.  This movie is tastefully done.  Highly recommended.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE LOVE THIS MOVIE. I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO MOVED BY A MOVIE EXCEPT MAYBE THE TITANIC. IT LIKE WITNESSING LOVE BETWEEN TO PEOPLE THAT'S SO STRONG IT'S UNCOMPREHENSIBLE. I CRY EVEY TIME I WATCH THE END WHEN ENNIS IS SINGING IN JACK'S EAR AS THEY STAND AT THE FIRE, THEN JACK WATCHES ENNIS GO OFF TO THE SHEEP. THAT GLARE IS TRUE CONTENTMENT W/ LIFE AT THAT MOMENT.SOMETHING I WOULD GIVE ANYTHING FOR. DEF. A MUST SEE. (SORRY FOR CAPS HAVE TO HAVE THEM ON AT WORK.)
&#34;The Heath Ledger breaking down in the alley&#34; scene kills me, over and over. It killed me when he was alive and this movie was just released and I saw it in the theatre, and it kills me more now that he's dead and I watched it on DVD. Stunning acting--such a waste that he's gone--beautiful but heart-wrenching story and writing, gorgeous cinematography, a soundtrack that I listen to often, and also soooo important to remember what gay men have had to deal with in our lifetimes, and still have to deal with, no matter how far we've come in more liberal states. A romantic tragedy of the highest order.
Brokeback mountain est incontestablement le plus beau film que j'ai vu (j'ai 50ans). Je ne savais pas qu'on pouvait faire un film d'une telle beaute, aussi touchant, aussi poignant, aussiprofond, d'une puissance dans l'emotion et la sensibilite inouie.Un film simple avec un  Smajesteux, un pur chef d'oeuvre !La realisation et le scenario sont d'une tres grande intelligence, les acteurs epoustouflants de verite, la musique qui colle parfaitement y est merveilleuse tres emouvante, les paysages somptueux, grandioses, jamais au grand jamais je n'ai ete touche a ce point ! un film qui vous marque a tout jamais...Un immense merci a Ang Lee et a tous ceux qui ont fait que ce film soit et bien evidemment aAnnie Proulx pour cette sublime histoire d'amour.Seul regret que ce film n'ai pas eu l'oscar du meilleur film a hollywood (fallait voter politiquement correct !) car il le meritait haut la main et je suis certain que des millions de gens le pensent, pour ma part et dans mon coeur c'est lui qui a eu l'oscar du meilleur film, apres au moins 48 prix dans le monde entier !!Je finirai ma prose par la critique de Romain Le Vern (du site a voir a lire) que je trouve magnifique :Acteurs en etat de grace, intelligence supreme du scenario, complexite des sentiments, somptuosite formelle...pas de doute possible le secret de brokeback mountain estun film d'une beaute infinie qui fait exploser a l'ecran le vecu de chacun.A pure chief of work!!!(j'ai ete oblige de modifier plusieurs lettres de mon texte pour que le message soit comprenhensible sur le site americain,comme les accents sur les a et les e par exemple,merci)jean michel (toulouse-france)
I have seen a lot of Gay Drama films; unlike the rest, this is pretty similar to what most gay guys have gone through. This is to say, that all gay men have loved another gay guy that hasn't returned that love, felt confused and even scared to let people know (especially if you live in rural America) who they are, and like this movie there are still hate crimes because of who people are.People have really saw this movie as being about gay cowboys. However, I think it questions who we are as gay men and what this country is to still allow hate crimes to continue. In just looking at the critiques posted here, we can clearly see that people aren't welcoming of other views; therein lies the problem with the USA. If anything Brokeback Mountain reminds me of a foreign film, but highly relatable.
Just like a reviewer before me said, the feeling you get from this movie stays with you forever. Unlike this reviewer, however, I see this feeling in a completely different light.The feelings you get from this movie comes from a time when same-sex love need to be kept closed doors because the society is highly homophobic. The love that developed from this time spread like wildfire, and viewers are left with the remorse for Jack's unfortunate death. This feeling SHOULD stay with you forever, and Ang Lee did a very good job creating this feeling.So overall, this film does bring tears into your eyes, but these are tears of true humanity, and people should cherish this tear, not put it off.
I believe we can. This movie will be remembered for years and years to come due to its superb acting, majestic cinematography, incredible dialog, intense emotion, cogent storyline, and the excellent score converged into making this two-hour-plus movie one of the great landmarks in the history of the cinema. I agree with those who say that this movie will be discussed and studied, along with the great ones: `Casablanca,' `Citizen Kane,' etc......Heath Ledger's rough-and-tough-but-tender-and-vulnerable performance is so believable that very little make-up was required in order to try to convince the audience that he is aging right before our eyes. As you watch him, you really do believe that this taciturn young roughneck is actually becoming a middle-aged man who is coming to terms with day to day responsibilities, family life, and an ever-present, nagging, burning need to hold onto a love that will not let him go (Sorry, couldn't resist that phrase). Can't say what has already been said regarding Michelle Williams, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Anne Hathaway because we all know they gave excellent performances.The last twenty minutes of the movie comprise some of the most gut-wrenching and emotionally painful experiences I have rarely encountered in a movie. This film is really hard to forget even though there is a gay context to this film it contains universal themes of love, intense longing, disappointment, infidelity, passion and sexual desire, all of which are applicable to all people, everywhere and anywhere.Ang Lee has done another amazing job putting this film together that was well deserved.
Brokeback is more than a love story, and it's more than a gay love story.  This movie is something more powerful than words can really describe.  It seems so simple and when I talk to my friends about it they don't really understand because they haven't seen it.  The beauty of it is its subtlety.  It doesn't have to TELL you how to feel, you just feel it.  This movie really changed me in some way and I appreciate the risks that the actors and everyone involved took to tell this story and they did a beautiful job.
3 months since I first heard them, I still cry when I think of the final lines of the film.  This movie stays with you.  Its painful, but so illuminating.
I wish I could leave a great long description but writing is not my thing. The one thing I can tell you is that "gay or straight" you got to see this movie. It's a beautiful romantic story that ends in tragedy buy that makes you realize that we all need to respect each other and accept that two people of the same gender can fall in love, in genuine love, and they have the same rights as straight people to be happy.
Simply one of the best &#34;real life&#34; stories of two people who are in love, but unable to enjoy a long term relationship since equal rights do not exist in the USA.
If you are reading this review chances are that you already know what this movie is about, what is important, and why I think it was so successful, is what you get from it. For me this movie is about two ver common human emotions that even tough are very different every human been has experience them.Love.- Is very difficult to find the love of your life in this world, everybody is in a hurry and sometimes we missed the changes we have for fear, so these guys dont getting together for fear is very sad, this kind of love is rare and when Ennis found those shirts he knows how much he was loved, Jack having the oportunity to leave never did it because as the saying goes Love is a force of nature and difficul to explain.Loliness.- Even more common than love is loneliness, maybe not everyone has been in love but everyone has feel lonely in this love, so many people but again that loliness can kill you, and in a way that was happened whit these guys, Jack felt loliness since Ennis never had the courage of loving together and Ennis was left alone and with regret when Jack suddenly died, the last scene of the movie shows so much loneliness and regret that is overwhelming.I hate that this movie, a really love story, was so attacked and make fun of, can we grow up and see this as a variation of a love story? Sorry for all that did give themselves the changes to see this Masterpiece, since watching straight love stories does not make a gay person straight, seeinng this movie will not make anyone gay, but will leave thinking about your own life and the choices you have made.. Enjoy!
I pranced into this film at the local Carmike thinking it would be similar to Lonesome Dove...or at least the Lonesome Dove prequal:  Dead Man's Walk (the David Arquette one).  What I got was sooooooo much better.  I never expected an epic love story that would bring tears to my eyes and change my life forever.  The story is multidimensional and I learn something new with every viewing.  I can't wait for the DVD or the local Maxi Saver to begin showing the film.  By the way, David Hasslehoff's song, Hot Shot City, is particulary good.
This film is disturbing to watch but has POWERFUL lessons for us all.It was sad how much the two main characters had to hide the love they found.  I believe if some is gay deep inside they cannot pretend to be somebody else.  Pretending to be someone else is more harmful than helpful, and they end up suffering more.  Society is still scared to death of people who are "too different."  What a powerful lesson this film teaches.  Even Dora should understand that her so called Christian moralizing does not match up with the truth exuding from this award winning film.  Until human beings are able to understand people who are different rather than hurting them, we are still running in place.  We have a ways to go.It's all about tolerance the Golden Rule...treat others like you would like to be treated.  You should know this if you are a 5th grader or a senior citizen.  The ethic of reciprocity (or the Golden Rule) is a general moral principle found in virtually all religions and culture, often as a fundamental rule, a fact which suggests that it may be related to innate aspects of human nature (see altruism). It is most commonly rendered as "do unto others as you would have them do unto you", or in other words "treat others as you want to be treated".In most formulations it takes a passive form, as expressed by the Jewish sage Hillel: "What is hateful to you, do not to your fellow man."In Western culture, however, the most famous formulation is active, as expressed in the Torah as "love your neighbor as yourself" (Leviticus 19:18).This traditional guiding rule was (and is) so highly valued that it has for centuries been known in English as the "Golden Rule".Congrats on those who had the guts and integrity to make this picture.  I hope it starts and long and healthy dialogue about tolerance and love.  This country needs good political dialogues so desperately.  We need more respect for each others' humanity.
I won't go on and on about how beautiful the scenery is, how great the acting is, how wonderful the direction is, and how touching the story is.  Plenty of reviews have already done that.However, I do want to address some of the complaints about this movie.  I have heard people complain that Brokeback Mountain wouldn't be getting as much recognition if it were a love story between a man and woman. These people are claiming that the movie really isn't very good but is achieving critical acclaim due to the its controversial storyline.  I cannot disagree more, and here is why:1)  This is NOT just a movie about gay cowboys.  Yes, the two men fall in love and carry out out a twenty-year long affair.  However, the movie is more about unrequited love, and how external influences can prevent true love from ever fully blossoming.  I know plenty of movies that received a huge amount of critical acclaim that sound very similar:  The Bridges of Madison County, Titanic, and Love Story are good examples.  These are audience favorites that remind us how painful and sad love can really be--and Brokeback Mountain accomplishes this as well.2)  The "controversial" content really isn't all that ground-breaking.  Doesn't anybody remember other critical favorites that touched upon homosexual love?  The Color Purple??  That was over twenty years ago!  And Brokeback and the Color Purple also both focus on OTHER issues besides being gay--family, violence, and finding strength and confidence in one's self.3)  There are other factors that make this movie great besides the controversial content--the musical score is beautiful, the acting is right on target (Heath Ledger in particular succeeds in exuding multiple emotions while barely speaking), the cinematography is gorgeous, and the screenplay is a model of how to adapt a short story into a movie--it keeps all the scenes and dialogue while expanding the areas that help move the plot forward (the women in particular get larger roles in the movie).All in all, I feel that anyone who says this movie is getting all this attention simply because it's about two men falling in love hasn't watched the movie.  They haven't seen it, or they'd realize it encompasses what could be the largest human desire that we know of:  that we all want to be loved, and when we find that person we shouldn't let him or her go.  Who can't relate to that?
After going through around 5 pages of review recently written on this movie, including the negative ones, I feel ashamed about how I viewed the world before I watched Brokeback Mountain.I feel ashamed because I discriminated homosexuality very strongly. For this reason, even after Oprah herself gave strong recommendations for the world to watch Brokeback Mountain, I still did not do it. In fact, the reason I bought the DVD in the first place is because the popularity of this movie only increased after months since the DVD release, and I didn't know what to expect. But after I watched it, I found myself crying uncontroably, mostly due to how I treated homosexual people in the past.For what it's worth, this movie makes you a better person when you watch it, and you start recognize the injustice of this world, and of yourself, and begin to carry out life different. Highly Recomended!
I've seen this movie before.  It was borrowed and lost.  I purchased it to replace my copy. Good Movie. !
Brokeback Mountain is the kind of movie that stays with you long after you have stopped viewing it. Ennis and Jack, the two main characters, are thrown together in the summer of '63, tending to sheep on Brokeback Mountain. One thing leads to another and both are forever changed. I know some have completely oversimplified this movie as a "gay cowboy" movie, but that is so far from the core of it. BBM is a love story, an epic one, which has never been done in gay themed movies (usually movies with gay characters as the focal point do not span anywhere near 20 years). It deservingly is the most acclaimed film of the year and should've been named best picture of the year by the academy, but who cares what they think. The performances are amazing. Heath Ledger is breathtaking. He totally became Ennis Del Mar. The same can be said for Jake Gyllenhaal, who is brilliant as Jack Twist. The supporting cast is also great. I would recommend this movie to anyone, not just fellow members of the gay community, but those who enjoy a movie that is heartbreakingly beautiful and will move you to tears.
"Brokeback Mountain" isn't a breakthrough film because it's about a homosexual relationship, or about sex between two 'manly' cowboys, it's because its true subject is passion and thwarted devotion. The sex in it between the men is chaste to a fault - the sex between them and their wives in their troubled marriages is much more explicit, though plot points are deftly made in those scenes. The film isn't being attacked for the very limited sex, it's the deep love that has raised protests, boycotts, attempts to block the sale in certain states. Those attempts of course only highlight how little has changed. If Scorsece's jealous gibe that it looks like a Marlboro commercial is true in a few shots, that's because the Marlboro commercials were beautifully shot. Scorsece would not have been able to resist hammering home the violence in the plot; Ang Lee handles that with great artistry that I hope (but doubt) will be influencial, not a second more than is necessary to the story. Ennis' last line is debated in some circles like Rhett's. I read it as an expression of devotion too late to mean anything; and heartbreaking because it's what most of us do or experience in love, there is usually a very small window for true love or passion to be acted on, then it's lost. When you figure that out, it's too late, it's gone. The hope of art is that seeing a situation from outside we can grow out of it. "Brokeback" is the rare Hollywood film that even attempts to work as art. It gets it all right, and is largely as simple as a fable. It is a film with an open heart. Note on Hollywood: this being by far the best film Randy Quaid has ever been in, rather than feeling pride he is suing the producers for more money after the fact.
I've done an A-B comparison of the Blu-Ray to the (dual layer) DVD - with "upscaling" to 1080i (the limit of our rear projection TV's resolution)- and on that level they're certainly very close in quality, but the Blu-Ray is still noticeably superior in both video and audio. The Blu-Ray audio is more dynamic and clear and allows minute details like readable small print on a can of beans, which is just a blur on the DVD.There are 3 extra features on the Blu-Ray which are apparently on the "2 disc" DVD but aren't on the single DVD - and two of them are quite significant: "A Groundbreaking Success" (~16 minutes) looks at the film's many aspects of achieving bona-fide success (including financially), despite active homophobic opposition."Music From The Mountain" gives us a much greater appreciation of the soundtrack music and of how truly integral it is to the impact of the whole film. I've also been privileged to give a personal hug of appreciation to both Rufus Wainwright and Teddy Thompson at their Brisbane shows, so it's a real treat to see them here as an acknowledged element of what works so beautifully in this film.I loved Annie Proulx's short story. I couldn't help being cought up in the full emotion of the interplay of these two men who are totally in love and who bravely find enough time and space in an aggressively hostile world to follow their bliss for as long as is humanly possible.Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain" sets a standard of perfection in every aspect of the art. It is also one of the few films which not only enhances, but also in no way compromises the emotional impact or moral integrity of the source material.Even if you already own the DVD, purchase of the Blu-Ray version is justified for anyone who truly appreciates the film, its historical significance, and its potential to continue do great good in the world as one of the all-time classic - and unapologetically gay - romances.
beautiful, understated love story. I just saw this and I'm almost overcome with emotion. heartbreaking and tragic, both actors were excellent, especially ledger, a quiet, nuanced, performance. a brave movie, well done ang lee. I have friends who've been gay-bashed, so this hits close to home for me.update: I've read many review here, and agree with most of them. what I don't understand is the reaction of some people, you must know going in that this is a movie about a relationship between two men, why the outrage? why are you offended?  if you are uncomfortable, please stay away.
The amount of people who shows no signs of intellectual quality in our society never cease to suprise me. I must admit, however, that I am a bit shocked when someone can feel that a movie is not great because of the Brand of Beer the characters drink, and the way they look in their middle ages.I mean, come on. A movie like Brokeback Mountain, which talks about oppression, and shows true romance. A film that activate all emotions within a human mind? Brokeback Mountain IS the best movie 21st Century Hollywood has ever made. Of course, obviously, people need intelligence to appreciate the filmThis is an amazing film, a 5 star in any book.
This story is true for me and many others whose lives parallel the story in whole or in part. The story is gut wrenching. I am of quite advanced age and I can tell you this story is Biblical in its spiritual truth. The author and the director are to be commended.
Ang Lee, famous for making art movies that explore the human soul does it again with this heartbreaking drama of two gay cowboys in the west. This is not a hyped clich&eacute; movie, there are some great performances here, wonder cinematography, and screenplay writing at work here. This is what a good drama film should be...and we just do not see enough of these pictures anymore.
I don't know that love is intended to make sense or be responsible, so it seems pretty terrible that society would place unkind restrictions on it and expect everyone to neatly follow along. But, that it does and this movie shows the ups and downs of the aftereffects of such restrictions. And when there is no vocabulary to discuss a relationship that isn't supposed to exist because it supposedly isn't normal, yikes!This movie takes place before there were clearly places to go off to live permanently in order to avoid the disapproval of those who frown on gay relationships. And it shows what happens when two men in love have to play it straight in order to keep from getting killed. But, beyond that, it shows the tragedy of this when the love is of a higher order than even the so-called normal people can achieve.It would be nice if someday a movie like this could actually end happily ever after. But, for now, it reflects a bitter pill that we all must swallow. As a society, if we really want to promote love and kindness, we ned to get past the need to box love into sterilized categories. We also need to recognize the beauty of the clandestine relationships that result from our oppression, not be too judgemental, and perhaps accept that what we call normal may need to be redefined a little.It is up to each of us to resolve the moral dilemmas in this movie. The acting is evokative, the secenery stunning, the symbolism deep. But, most importantly, it gives us all something to chew on. And I think it is meant to indicate to us that there is much more at stake than social order. And just what it is that we are to value more deeply than social order is left as more of a question that we can keep asking ourselves over and over. And that question is largely, just what is love?
Spectacular! There are no words to describe just how moving and honest and real this film is. The bottom line here is a message that transcends all barriers; gay or straight, male or female, rich or poor. The message is that love comes in many forms and if you are ever lucky enough to find a love so deep and strong, you must hang onto it regardless of all other outside factors. And when you don't, you very well could end up with nothing just as Ennis DelMar does. This is not a gay cowboy movie. It is an honest look at love and how two people who have the world against them try to follow their hearts but succumb to the pressures of a society that doesn't understand that love must transcend all.I've read a lot of the other reviews and it seems that everyone has a different take on Jack and Ennis's relationship. But this is how I see it:  Yes, they were both gay and they were both in love, not in lust, with eachother. Lust doesn't last 20 years and the fact that they did go on to have so-called "normal" relationships with the women they married was not because they were bisexual but because they were doing what they thought they "had" to do. They tried hard to deny who they really were inside and married women, had families, then girlfriends but this was all part of the social pressure they felt to be "normal". Jack had more guts than Ennis did and was desperate to have a life with him because he needed him and loved him so badly, but Ennis was too uncomfortable with his love for Jack, was too embarrassed by it and couldn't have followed his heart because he was too consumed with the murder of the gay man he'd witnessed as a child. It isn't until the end, when Jack is gone, that Ennis comes to the realization that he let the love of his life slip through his hands. His daughter has found love and is getting married, Alma has remarried and Ennis finds himself alone with nothing to love or hang onto because he let his fears and insecurities about who he was come before his true love for Jack. The lesson is a hard one but the message is simple: No matter who you are or who you love, don't let anyone tell you who you should be. If you have love to give, give it freely and to whomever you wish. Never, never, never deny your heart.
I am a little suspicious of short stories that are turned into movies.  I always wonder: How are they going to fill the other hour-and-a-half?  Strangely, this problem does not occur in Brokeback Mountain.  I'd read the short story first and - watching the movie - I did not feel that they were padding for time.  In fact, it seems like the story can barely be contained to the time restrictions of the movie.Perhaps this is because this movie is about emotions and images - not words.  Its characters are not from a very verbal society.  In fact, it is a running joke in the film how little Ennis (Heath Ledger) speaks.  The little dialogue from the short story lasts the whole movie.This is a Western - Ang Lee beautifully captures the Wyoming countryside.  When the action moves into town, the sight of man's raunchy trailers and houses set against the backdrop of the majestic mountains makes a convincing argument for nature over civilization.It is civilization that is ultimately the downfall of these two characters.  They meet and fall in love - all the while convinced that they are not homosexuals.  The story begins in 1963 and - if it had occurred a little later - tragedy may have been averted.  Yet, despite the tragic overtones of the story, there is still something joyful about it.  Despite all odds, these two men find each other and - a few times a year at least - find true happiness.  Perhaps that makes everything else worth while.
I bought a new compaq 2630 for viewing movies...BM was perfect for this project.  Wide screen worked very well.  No drop outs, full sound and excellent color..Great!!JS in Dallas
This is the best movie I have ever seen bar none. Two children who had never been loved found someone who loved them. Any filmmaker who shows me the kind of joy that these two displayed when they were together will bring me to the box office over and over again. I will bring my children and my grandchildren and my parents and my cousins and my aunts and uncles and I don't care about the sex. I want to see that joy over and over again even when I know it has to end in tragedy. In fact, the more wonderful it is, the sooner and more painful the ending has to be. If this movie has a flaw it is the heart stopping abruptness of the post card with DECEASED stamped across it. I needed some music or something to mark the occasion. To all the movie producers out there, show me the joy of loving another human being and I will make your movie a hit.
I have finally seen the movie on DVD, and it has been worth the wait.  The movie is a cinematic masterpiece.  I've seen Crash, and feel Brokeback Mountain should have won the oscar hands down.  Previous reviews will give you a rundown on the story line, and masterful direction of Ang Lee.  On a rating of 1 to 5 I'd give it a 6.
I have never seen a movie that made me feel the way that this movie has. It brought back so many memories of my life some which I chose to forget. This DVD edition is especially awsome, as it shows so many bonuses that just blow my mind away. Thank you to everyone involved.
Love conquers all even when it had to be a secretive one. Jack and Ennis had met workin summer of 1963 were one very cold night they did what would have been unthinkable to do in movies back in the days about cowboys. But they drifted apart and got married and each had kids but 4 or 5 years later they meet again their attraction is even stronger. Then they face obsticals of life. This movie has touched my heart in every way its a real epic and I think that heath ledger should've won that oscar cuz his acting was superb
After reading the book, actually started as a short story, I am shocked! I am a gay man and have been looking forward to seeing the movie since I first heard it was being made. Living in rural Alabama, the movie wasn't even playing at any of the 16 theaters in our area until 02/03 even though the "official release" was 02/16. I'm not in a hurry to see it at the theater, I would much rather see it at home. I was shocked simply because of all the hype which left me with a completely different idea of what the movie was really about, but after reading the book, all of the clips I've seen and the reviews I've read, now make much more sense. I'm sure many other folks have the same idea of the "Queer Cowboy Movie", but if the movie is anywhere near Annie's story, I just could not sit quietly in a theater and have my heart wrenched and twisted. To the best of my knowledge, the DVD is scheduled for release April 4 ... I've already pre-ordered!
BBM is a true masterpiece; I loved it.  This widescreen 2-disc collector's edition is worth watching again & again.  The bonus features are so good.  This film effected me so much; I can't get it out of my mind.  I always cry each time I see it.  Love is universal - the story is so full of loss, mistakes, regrets, sadness, etc.- that it makes your heart break.  The performances of Heath (sigh) as Ennis and Jake as Jack, along of course w/Ang Lee's masterful direction, are terrific.  The screenplay by Mr. McMurtry and Ms. Ossana is perfect.  The fact of Ennis & Jack not being together effects their entire lives, as well as the lives around them.  All in all, what a great film!!P.S.: That so-called "academy" robbed BBM of best picture of 2005; it is unbelievable that award went so undeservingly to something like "Trash"!  The audible, unbelievable gasp of the audience must have been heard outside the theater!  Wouldn't surprise me if it was just a cave in at the last minute. Stupid cowards.  But, I admit that I never fail to be amazed and furious at all of that "academy's" continuous mistakes from way back.  Heath was definitely robbed of best actor, as Jake was of best supporting actor,.  The beautiful cinematography was not rewarded also.  Some things never change...
Brokeback Mountain is a well-written, beautifully acted, perfectly directed masterpiece.  I have rarely been so moved by a movie and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a film that completely absorbs you and makes your heart ache for the characters.
I just saw this movie today with my sister and I can't believe I waited so long to see it.What can be said about this movie, that hasn't already been said? Two men, Jack and Ennis fall in love with each other one summer while working together on Brokeback Mountain, thus beginning a long, wonderful, yet painful affair.All I have to say is if you haven't seen this movie yet, please go see it. You won't regret it! And to the woman who was making stupid complaints in the seat behind me at the theatre, "If you didn't like the movie, why didn't you just leave and let the others watch the movie in peace?"
Finally, the Golden Globe awards allowed a local movie house (hungry for cash) to step outside of narrow-minded convention and show this great film. Such lust for cash was the only way I had the opportunity to see 'Brokeback Mountain'! Brokeback is a great movie which has inspired my purchase of the short story.  Both Ledger and Gyllenhaal gave superb performances.  You could actually feel the longing and misery of those two 'cowboys' doomed to live a lie. I will definitely purchase the DVD when it is released.  Two thumbs up!!!!
I heard this movie was good and then I heard some people say they had it but had not watched it.  WHAT ARE YOU NUTS!?!  Great movie...more then I expected.  Pulls at the heart strinigs and that that does not happen to me much.
Having failed to see this film for 3 1/2 years, I am amazed - both by the powerful content and the stunning delivery.The moving and unresolved romance between Ennis and Jack runs like a tumor through the life and family of each man, bringing into sharp focus the accumulating destruction of double lives and the cultural requirements that fertilize them, even in cases where the hidden life is mostly un-materialized.Astoundingly experiential, the film depicts a romance without any labels/identifications/etc often found in coverage of gender and sexuality. My perception is that both Ennis and Jack "are" bisexual, but find wide disagreement on this question with various critics claiming they are straight, bisexual or gay. Similarly, we experience the circumstances of Jack's death as a feared uncertainty rather than something we can attach a label to ("accident", "hate crime", etc). This stylistic approach reinforces the power of the story by letting us feel the excruciating uncertainty of a life that is loved but cannot be shared.Otherwise, the natural scenery is unbelievable, beautiful mountains, animals, rivers, men (!), etc.Watch this film!
Those are the last three words spoken in Brokeback Mountain, the tear-jerker directed by Ang Lee and starring Heath Ledger and Jake Gylenhaal. (Don't worry; I am not going to say any more about the ending.) Ever since I've heard those last three words - and I've heard them twice - it has been hard to extract them, and all that leads up to them, out of my head.Brokeback Mountain may look, on first blush, to be a 'gay cowboy' film. Believe me when I - and other reviewers - tell you that it is infinitely more than that. It is a story of two people (yes, of the same sex) who are hopelessly in love....in secret. Jack Twist is the sensitive and optimistic one. Ennis Del Mar is the quintessential cowboy - the silent and guarded one. When thse two meet in '63 on Brokeback Mountain, they do not realize how each will change and help shape the other for the better part of the next 20 years.If you are only familiar with Heath Ledger as the Aussie sex symbol of Cassanova and A Knight's Tale, then you have only seen part of him. His evocation of Ennis Del Mar are spectacular. While it is too early in this young actors career to go too far out on a limb, I predict that when all is said and done, this may be the role he is known for! It is obivous that he knows this character well. This is not to discount Jake Gyllenhaal's perfect-fit performance as Jack Twist. It is just to say that Jack lacks the delicate nuances of Ennis.The cinematography is fantastic! If you are reading this review, then you have probably missed your chance to see this on the big screen and that is a shame. Whatever you do, see this on a nice, big, widescreen tv. The shots of the Wyoming (actually, Canadian) landscape are awesome, and match the film's emotional beauty with physical beauty.As said, this film is about a 20 year love affair that tests its characters to their limits. Two characters are forced to come to grips with their homosexuality (bisexuality?) in a time, place, and occupation that does not allow such a thing. They must keeep the identity of their one true love a secret from their female lovers, who can't help but pale in comparison. It is love story that is (unlike every other love story) not at all cliche as it adds this extra dimension.Yes, the film is a character film and as such, it moves slow. It is approximately 2 1/2 hours but - at least to my eyes - this is time well spent. Every minute of this film is there for a reason; to give you as true and unadulterated a glimpse into these two characters as is possible. The dialogue is sparse (as most dialogue between cowboys - private people - is). Alas, it is all worth it."Jack, I swear..." Everything culminates into these three lines. Did tears run down my face? You bet; both times. Will tears run down yours? I don't know, but don't you think it is worth finding out?
The biggest difference between Western Movies and Eastern Movies is probably that, while Eastern Movies shows turn of events, conflicts, and survival by clinging to the soul, Western Movie are mostly just Laughs, Anger, Fear, or Tears. Rarely are messages so woven into the movie that it cannot be understood, only felt. So I was quite surprised when I saw two major Western Movie stars acting out a movie that is so delicate. This movie, obviously, moved my very spirit, but I was more surprised to find that the western society is able to produce a movie with such degrees of beauty. Perhaps there are still hopes for the movie industry after all.
I'm sure you know by now what the premise of the movie is about.  Looking beyond the fact that this is a story about two cowboys that fall in love is a feat within itself.My male (straight) friend watched this with me, and he was in tears once the credits rolled.  Love is universal and equally beautiful no matter the circumstances.It really goes to the core of what it must be like to outwardly deny that love that you want the world to see.Makes you think.
This sure go against what a lot of negative reviewers say about the world. Not only do homophobes exist, they even exist in 21st Century. Brokeback Mountain is about love, and humanity, but of course, to homophobes, it is just another gay movie.Just a thought: psychology shows that homophobes are homosexual themselves. They are just afraid to show their sexuality. So reviewer whose name we will not mention, don't be afraid to come out of the closet.
As a 46 year old rancher in very rural Oklahoma who is very far in the closet..I wanted to see BBM for a very long time. In my part of the world, BBM never played at our movie house. I had to travel over 3 years one way to see it firsthand. I sat alone in the dark theater for the 2+ hours watching every frame of this beautiful film thinking that when I left things would never been quite the same again.  I was right. The film is a whole world of emotions..love, hate, fear, pride, saddness, longing, lust, anger and many many others all wrapped up in one. The story is very very real. Trust me...I know the story by heart having lived most of it.  The actors are beyond excellent as is the story and script. Ang Lee's direction is pure art unto it's self.BBM is a film that will always haunt you once you see it.  Many months after seeing it I still find myself (more than once a day) thinking about it and rolling it over in my mind. It is not about being "gay".  It is about life. Plain and simple. Everyone loves, hurts, laughs, cries, etc.  The sex of the characters is just window dressing. Being gay does however add more salt to the wounds the subjects of BBM must face.  I think this film will hopefully change the way the "real" world sees all gay persons. I think Lee and the writers made sure of it with a piece of work that touches all who see it.It is a VERY hard film to watch...But you should. It will make you think and make you feel. When Jack is murdered and Ennis is finally told. No one with any amount of heart in their body or soul should be able watch and not feel the need to either turn away or cry. This film is that real.Some will dismiss BBM as hype or an agenda film set out to advance gay issues. No..sorry....BBM is a film set out to advance the human heart. Not many other films can boost such an achievement.WATCH it and think about it. You will be a better member of the human race if you do.
i absolutely loved this movie.  it grabbed my heart and held it in a sweet embrace only to rip it out leaving me in tears.no exaggeration.this was a beautiful love story.  it wasn't focused on the civil rights movement, it doesn't attack your senses with a political agenda, it is a story of two people in love.
Brokeback Mountain is not for children, but open minded adults can appreciate it. Very fine acting by all with a  special nod to Anne Hathaway.Luckily I got to see this at the theatre.  A love story once seen never forgotten. Highly reccommended.
Between the writing, the acting, the emotion of the story and the breathtaking scenery &#34;beautiful&#34; is the best description of this film. The emotional range of the film goes from sweet to sad to frustrating to heartbreaking but in the end, even if you are bawling like a baby after the credits roll you'll still be glad you watched it.
After the tragic and untimely death of Heath Ledger, I felt compelled to write a short review of "Brokeback Mountain."  I still remember the icy day in January 2006 when I saw the film in the theaters...what an experience...beautiful direction, acting, and the score is haunting....I was saddened to the point where I was crying in my bathroom hours later.This movie hit me on a level that I don't think will be repeated by any future films to come...it is that powerful, beautiful and raw with emotion.I had to run out and buy it on DVD yesterday, just to feel the ache all over again...but the tears have new meaning now that the talented Heath Ledger is gone....I started crying as soon as he appeared in the film...Thank you, Heath Ledger, for your talent, courage and for giving us a remarkable performance that opened our eyes and hearts.
This film broke my heart.  The cinematography alone is worth the price of admission.  The actors' portrayals of these characters was almost disturbingly realistic, believable and moving.  I read the short story on which this film was based and was surprised at the ability of the film's director to stick so exactly to the author's words and to paint the pictures described.  This is a truly great film and I would highly recommend it to anyone who can look beyond the simple fact that this tragic romance takes place between two men.  While central to the plot of the story, this film is not about homosexuality per se.
I went to see Brokeback Mountain not really knowing what to expect. I had heard about it on the radio, on TV, and even in Saturday Night Live skits--and I had to see what all the buzz was about. So I picked up the short story by Annie Proulx (which was FANTASTIC) and then headed to the theater. I am so glad that I went to see this film!Brokeback is, as everyone already knows, the story of two "gay cowboys" who fall in love one summer in Wyoming. But really, that is only the surface of what this film is truly about. At its core, Brokeback is a romance that focuses on repressed love, longing, and the struggles of relationships. For these reasons, I believe that it can be relatable to anyone, gay or straight. It is also a film about acceptance--and the pressures society places on all individuals to conform to whatever is considered "normal." These are obstacles that we all face in today's world--and this film sends a powerful message about the need to respect all people (even if they are different from ourselves).The performances by Heath and Jake are extraordinary, the scenery is fantastic, and Gustavo Santaolalla's score is beautifully haunting. The love, pain, and desire that all of the characters feel is completely believable; I hope that this film is given major attention at Oscar time.I would highly recommend this film, but it is certainly not for everyone. Open-mindedness is a must!!! Also, a warning: Expect to leave the theater feeling like you've been shot through the heart...and expect this film to stay with you for a very long time afterward!
First of all, let me just say that I watched this movie once, and even though I liked it this isn't something I would wanna see over and over again. With that being said, I knew, (just like I'm sure you all did) the subject matter of the film, so I don't see why some viewers (no matter how few) act so offended by what they saw. Secondly, you must take into account when this movie takes place (time and era). Thirdly, It seems that instead of dewelling on the superb acting and storyline people are more so effected by the fact that it's about homosexuality between "gay cowboys". I guess the point flew over their heads that this is indeed a love story, and as with most love stories (except for teen movies) they all end in tragedy. It's usually in that tragedy that the person realizes what they lost. It actually took Ennis losing Jack to realize that he was the love of his life. I liked it because it was a realistic and very delicate look at love between 2 males. If I wanted to see gay guys sleeping around I could've sat at home and watched "Queer as Folk". Another thing is that people seem to be more disgusted at 2 guys than 2 women. I guarantee you if it had been 2 women the guys would've been cheering them on. Anyway, this sort of thing this has been apart of films for as long as I could remember.Let's not forget, Hilary Swank.."Boy's Don't Cry" or Charlize Theron..."Monster" it's just that "Brokeback Mountain" is sooo in your face. At any rate, to stay on topic, Heath Ledger made his character so believeable that he deserves an Oscar for this. Ennis' inner struggle with his own purpose, identity and sexuality is one that some of my best friends have had to endure. Prejudice is another. Jake's character Jack was also believable, and he deserves an Oscar as well. Even though I may be a straight woman, I could still relate to those feelings of love and hope for someone that you love, and only getting feelings of isolation, regret, shame and embarrassment in return. My only gripe is that I wish they would've explained the ending a lot better. I kinda keeps you guessing about what actually happened to Jack. I think they should've talked more about that. Like, Was he murdered in hate crime fashion because he was gay? Did someone else besides their boss see them on Brokeback Mountain? Did he come on to the wrong guy? I guess I just want to know..Why did they kill him? Also, I'm a little curious because at the end when his wife was talking to Ennis about Jack's death she didn't seem grief stricken like a wife who just lost her husband would. Did she find out about him like Ennis' wife did? or Did her father have something to do with it after Jack stood up to him? I had tons of unanswered questions by the time the movie was over. Which, by the way, this film was way too long come to think of it. However, you have to watch it with an open mind to like it.
Brokeback Mountain, Brokeback Mountain, what IS it about Brokeback Mountain? After all, it's JUST a movie, right? Well...not exactly...There's something about this film that simply, well, gets under your skin. And it stays there until you DO something about it, until you process what your trip to Brokeback Mountain has been for you. I suspect there's a little bit of Brokeback Mountain in all of us. Sure, we all live different lives, but there is a haunting universality to this film that somehow reaches a very deep and oh-so-personal place in the viewer's soul. For this alone I feel Brokeback Mountain deserves all the kudos, (and more), that are coming its way.Brokeback Mountain is a story of joy, of hope, of disappointment, of regret, and much, much more. It's all there. It's a truly human film, and it spans the twenty-some year relationship of two friends, possibly soul mates. This story juxtaposes the power of society's structure and conditioning with the undeniable power of awareness of one's personal truth. It's about survival and destruction. And yes, Brokeback Mountain is a story of love, a love that could be neither denied nor fulfilled.Before I saw Brokeback Mountain I suspected it was going to hardwire itself onto my mental plate.And guess what, it did.This movie is delicate and subtle as it is thundering and raw. It has beautiful scenery, (many panoramic shots are of the Kananaskis Valley in Alberta, Canada), and very real, believable people who interact, at times, with soul-wrenching passion. And if you like interpreting body language, you'll be finding yourself at a virtual smorgasbord!For me, Brokeback Mountain is the true story of many upon many, (regardless of gender), portrayed by its fictitious characters.And about Ang Lee, the film's masterful director - he doesn't tell you what to think, but he certainly gets you thinking! Interestingly, for whatever reason, after I finished watching the film I didn't feel that much of anything. But the next day...I have thought a great deal about many aspects of this film. If you'd like to discuss your impressions with me, drop me a line through Amazon Friends. I'd be especially interested to hear from people who have lived similar lives to those portrayed in the movie.Regards and peace to all...
Due to the breathtaking cinematography, heart-wrenchingly exquisite script, and flawless acting of Brokeback Mountain, this film has inevitably joined the ranks of my top ten movies. Brokeback Mountain is a tragic love story which, in my opinion, rivals such classics as Romeo and Juliet. Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal portrayed the incredible connection between two lovers better than most actor/actress pairings I've seen. The intense emotion evoked from this movie continued to engulf me days after seeing it...I only hope that Brokeback continues to move viewers in the way that is has moved me.
Previous poster (J. Young) is an idiot. Since when do you assess a film based solely on entertainment value? If that's the case, Michael Bay is a genius. I mean really, get a life man. Films just don't seem to be your thing, based on your condescending opinions towards them. As for the film, it's pretty much a masterpiece. By the way, I had your wife . . . she's not that good.
I must say I can't remember the last time I was affected so much by a movie. The story, acting, and visuals were superb, nearly every frame of this movie is elegant and beautiful. But the best was saved for the last. The ending is one of the most perfect put on film, subtle yet devastating in its emotional power.
Just read reviewer Johnny O comment, and I thought a previous reviewer was shallow... Apparently to this reviewer, men who do not love, and only go to bar and get drunk after work, and slober on every women passing by is what men should be.Good thing the majority of the world has evolved beyond that. Too bad there isn't a technology to de-evolve you back to ape.
I loved it when I saw it the first time, but I was caught up in the story then.  With a second viewing I appreciated the brilliance of the achievement even more.  The Writing, the Acting, the Directing, the Cinematography.  See it again.  You'll love it even more. I hope it wins every award it is nominated for.
Directed by Ang Lee and starring Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, this is easily the most talked-about motion picture of the year, if not the decade. With all the controversy, the criticism, the parodies, it's hard to imagine anyone visiting this site not already familar with much of what takes place in this film. But out of respect for those who haven't seen it, my review contains absolutely NO spoilers.Brokeback tells the story of Ennis Del Mar (Ledger) and Jack Twist (Gyllenhaal), a pair of young ranch hands who over the course of an early '60s summer in Wyoming discover that they really enjoy doing things together. Things like swimming, fishing, horseback riding and just about anything else that might strike their fancy. But there's one catch: they really, really like doing things together. Like more than they've ever liked doing things with anyone else before. Herein lies the film's universality, as I think we all remember that one buddy from summer camp with whom we just could not part ways. Anyone who's been through that experience or anything similar will surely identify with the characters in this film, to some extent.So Ennis and Jack promise to be Best Friends Forever while agreeing to keep it "on the downlow", so to speak, as they both get married and start their lives in earnest. But neither can escape the feeling that they'd really rather be doing things together. They agree to get together once a year and return to Brokeback Mountain - and who can blame them? The scenery is gorgeous. However, the wives (Anne Hathaway, Michelle Williams) get a little concerned, as wives tend to do when a husband is spending all his time horsing around with one of his close pals and ignoring the homefront. Again, this is a movie that nearly every American male will relate to, though perhaps some more than others.As the film progresses, taking us further into the character's lives, it takes on tragic dimensions. We come to feel that Ennis and Jack were destined to do things together but their lives have been undone by society's tendency to frown upon certain people doing things together. Yes, it's a downer.But Brokeback Mountain is also a very thought-provoking film. I thought about it an awful lot afterwards, which is odd since I've never been a fan of cowboy movies. Certain scenes replayed in my thoughts a lot - so much so that I had to mentally recast the film just to get it out of my head; my version of Brokeback stars Danny DeVito and Paul Giamatti. It's just as well-acted but a little less thought-provoking.So cheers to Brokeback Mountain - the Best Picture of the Year!
I know the title sounds very drastic or dramatic, but thats just how i feel. This movie simply puts the energy of love, in all her glory on display,for the world to witness,and lessons are taught as she is betrayed.I think one of the reasons why this movie is so profound to millions of people, is because straights can witness that gay love is just like theirs. Love is the common bond between all of us here on this green earth, and Brokeback Mountain illustrates that beautifully.
and reading Michael Acuna's fine review of it, I'm convinced there is little more that I could say.  Sad and lovely, poignant and bold, the film shows the unique crafting that Ang Lee provokes from the cinematographers, actors and musicians he works with.  There are very few directors today that can make a moment on film as thought and emotion provoking as the scene of Ennis' and Jack's reunion....or the moment when Jack's mom finally meets the love she knew he had....or the moment when Ennis decides to stop hiding from life in his work, and agrees to attend his daughter's wedding.  Simply beautiful.5 stars, more if it were possible.
I really didn't want to go see this movie because I knew it was going to make me cringe.  And I was right, it did.  But I also liked it a lot more than I expected I would.  The scenery, music, editing and acting come together to produce a beautiful, thoughtful and tragic story that has a lot to say about the nature of human relationships and what we need and value in them.  Ang Lee definitely deserved the directing oscar, as this could have been detestable if not wholly laughable.  Instead what we have in "Brokeback Mountain" is nothing short of a melancholy masterpiece.
Subtle story, delicate direction, unbelievable scenary, make us see that love is the matter, whoever may be.Marcelo Lanat J&uacute;nior.
Brokeback Mountain is an incredible movie about a forbidden romance that truly captivate the souls of the watchers.I watched this movie both in box office, and on DVD. My whole family enjoyed it, though my husband seems quite surprised to see that I am not offended by the men going behind the wives' backs.The fact is, I despise men who cheat, but the circumstances are different. Ennis and Jack, in a way, are bonded as mates emotionally, and had the world have a more open point of view, they will not need to suffer, and neither will their wives. But they had to get married because for Ennis, his family demands it, and for Jack, people are excluding him for trying to establish homosexual relationships.I can see why people will be offended by these two cowboys, but quite frankly, I just cannot feel any anger for them. Perhaps it is how director Ang Lee played his emotion magic again on its audience, or that I can understand the circumstances. But either way, the fact remains that this movie is probably the best movie I have ever seen.If there is any anger I feel about this movie, it will be the Academy's unjust ruling in awarding Crash the Best Picture of 2005. The movie have good intentions written all over it, but it is just a poorly directed, and filmed motion pictures. I do not see why Brokeback Mountain did not receive the Best Pictures of 2005, except that the Academy judges are homophobic.
Now it is my turn to chime in. I orginally saw this movie in the theaters with my partner. The movie theater was packed with all people both straight and gay. There was not an eye that dry when the movie was over. I liked this movie for what it is and what it stands for. It is a story about about two men that find each other in the early 60s and fall in love. If everyone remembers what the early 60s were like for people of color, and everyone that  was a different faith than Christian. This was not a time of safety for anyone that was different from the white Christian hetrosexual family. With that being said, Jack and Enis did what they had to at the time the movie took place for the safety of themselves and their families. I find it very interesting what people are saying about this movie and why they don't like it. All that they are talking about is how these two men in love cheated on their wives. I ask myself, can these reviewers see the trees through the forest? Or better yet, can they see past their own noses (the reviewers) and walk in these men's shoes in that era being who they were? No, they would not have the strength to be who they were in those times. I am a person that came out in the 80s, into a society that was not accepting of me or my partner. I can only imagine what it was like in the 60s where everyone was hated for being different than a white hetrosexual Christian male. I recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see pure strength and a fearlessness for who they love.
I was hesitant to see this movie due to it being a GAY COWBOY MOVIE. Not that I have anything against gay people (some of my best friends have been gay) I just don't particularly care for Westerns and was scared this would be boring.Boy was I wrong.Brokeback Mountain had my attention from start to finish. And what is even surprising to me is... I liked it. It made me cry at the end. It was very moving. Very heartfelt. Very heartbreaking. It is an emotional roller coaster.What do you do if you fall in love with someone you can't have? You carry that flame for 4 years and once you see one another again... the flame becomes a fire that consumes both of you with passion, desire, and love? Love is the hardest thing to admit to and the hardest thing to let go of. This movie, shows how beautiful love can be... and also how heartbreaking it really is.See it even if you don't LIKE that kind of movie. You don't see any sex really... you see naked man bum but that is all. It isn't all perverted gay sex with nudity. Seriously. All you do see is a few bums and that is all. I promise. The story isn't about SEX it is about love... a deep love... and a deep regret.I really think the lesson of the story was Never Put off love... you have to grasp it and hold onto it... or one day, you could loose it forever... and you will be left with nothing but regrets.
See it.  You'll find something in every viewing that you missed the last time.Ang Lee's eye for panoramic beauty is untouched by any other director.  This film continues to take award after award with no end in sight which sadly means it will be a while yet before this film comes to DVD.
I really cannot understand the negative feedback about this movie.I think this film hits a raw nerve in the American public, that prejudice and hate cripples everyone. This film is important to remind all of us that life and love can present itself in many different ways. There is no reason to be disgusted by this story. Even our Christian friends were moved. Now thats History!Congratulations Ang Lee and the actors for being daring, unafraid and courageous enough to go to the limit with your talents. That is true artistry.My wife and I loved this movie and we were pleased to bring our kids too.We need to start teaching our kids there are different people out there...
A must see!
I dont get tired of watch this movie over and over again. I love the story, the picture, but the best thing is that i can see a real life situation, where it shows what is... Pure love
I can't remember any other movie affected me like Brokeback Mountain did. I watched it twice and read the original short story by Annie Proulx several times. And I never before watched any other movie twice. It's been more than one week since I first watched it and I just can't get it off my mind.Yes, like some people said it's a gay cowboy love story; but more than that it is about pure and unconditional love between two human beings. When watched the movie I forgot both Jack and Ennis are men, mesmerzied by their deeply charged feeling for each other and felt sorrw for the tragic depressing life they lived. Under the directing of Ang Lee actors Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal put their whole feelings and minds into these charaters to create unforgetable images of two people in love. When Ennis held the blood-stained shirts to his chest and inhaled it deeply and murmured:'Jack, I swear..., I couldn't hold my tears any more. No other movie moved my so much.I think Brokeback Mountain really is a cultural watershed consider so many Holywood movies nowadays are full of violence, criminal acts, sex, lust, car chasings, guns... Brokeback Mountain is so refreshing and unique no wonder it has received so many rewards and tons of rave reviews.Of course like it says no such things as perfect, same for Brokeback Mountain. I feel little regrets that some details in the short story, which actually are very important to show the sparkling feeling beween Jake and Ennis, are not showing in the movie: When Ennis lead Jake to his home and meet his wife first time they see each other in four years they hardly can control their feelings. In the original story:'"You got a kid?" said Jack, His shaking hand grazed Ennis's hand, electrical current snapped between them.'... Another one:'From the vibration of the floorboard on which they both stood Ennis could feel how hard Jack was shaking.' I guess probably it is very diffcult for the actors to express such subtle movements. Or I didn't notice it?I read a lot of reviews about Brokeback Mountain and found many different opinions such as 'love beween gay people,' 'social prejudice against gay people,' 'wives and children are victims,' I think these opinions are not wrong at all.But after all, as the director Ang Lee pointed out, it is simple about love.
It's amusing to read the bad reviews of this film and then read what the authors of those bad reviews considered good.  A common complaint seems to be, "well, if this movie was about a man and a woman, no one would care."  To me, that's what makes this such an engaging breath of fresh air!  Sure, it involves two dudes in the wilderness experiencing love but the movie itself is so focused on telling a good LOVE story that you don't even think about the gay aspect (well, you forget if you're not homophobic).  Quite simply, this movie is beautiful, all the way from the miraculous acting, to the directing, to the cinematography to the gorgeous score music.  It all weaves in and out of each other bringing together a genuinely original movie experience which is SO rare in the theater these days.I've noticed many people have noted they couldn't get Brokeback Mountain out of their heads days after seeing it.  I fall under this category as well. Brokeback Mountain is so deeply emotional that anyone who has ever had their heart broken will be fighting off ghosts for quite some time.  How many films ever made can do that??
Beautiful movie. It's the real world, so let's accept the subject matter. Great acting, scenery and directing.
This movie was truely awesome.  This is not just a movie for the gay community it is a movie for everyone.  The movie has a great message and crushes a lot of the typical thoughts about gay people.  Bring you tissue though cause it is sure to make you cry if you have half of a heart.  GREAT MOVIE!!
Hats off to director Ang Lee, screen writers Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana, a brilliant ensemble cast and the superb technical crew that contributed to the making of one of the greatest American films of the past quarter century. Now that the recent, disgraceful Academy Awards ceremony is history, the legacy of "Brokeback Mountain' will begin to grow in the aftermath of unbelievable stupidity on the part of card-carrying A.M.P.A.S. members."Brokeback Mountain" is too great a movie to be merely tagged with "The Academy Award Winning Best Picture" label, a distinction that carries less and less weight, it seems to me, with each passing year. The amount of detritus picked as "Best Picture" in Oscar's past is truly staggering, so in a way "Brokeback Mountain" has received a backhanded compliment from "The Academy". The film joins an impressive list of magnficant losers: "The Grapes Of Wrath", "Citizen Kane", "The Treasure Of The Sierra Madre", "A Place In The Sun", "High Noon", "Giant"....the list goes on and on."Brokeback Mountain' did manage to win three well deserved Oscars. Ang Lee's direction is brilliant, bringing alive a 20 year saga with the resonance of an epic novel. McMurty and Ossana's adaptation of Annie Proulx's eloquent short story is a model of craft, enriching the original tale with embellishments to characters and plot only hinted at in the source material. Gustavo Santaollala's original music score adds further power to the proceedings with plaintive themes and melodies evoking love and loss in the big wide open spaces. Last but not least, Rodrigo Prieto's stunning cinematography (which lost to "Memoirs Of A Geisha") surrounds the viewer in a world both majestic (those picturesque mountain pastures) and mundane ( drab Texas towns and  weathered Wyoming ranches).There were other fine movies released in 2005. In fact, three of the Best Picture nominees from that year are likely to endure in the years to come. "Capote". "Good Night, and Good Luck" and "Munich" were superb films. However, "Brokeback Mountain" was far and away the most striking movie of 2005. Adding to its luster is Heath Ledger's performance as Ennis, which will go into the history books as one of the most affecting pieces of acting ever put on the screen.
It's funny to me that on the cusp of the year 2006, there are those who still feel the need to water down the point of this movie in order to make it more palatable to the general movie-going public.This IS a gay movie, and it's about time.  Having sat through hundreds of variations on My Best Friend's Wedding or some other 'chick flick' with both straight female friends and gay male friends, I can honestly say that this film has been a lifetime in coming for me.  I suppose that if you're not a gay man you can't relate to this very important point, but after a lifetime of having to rewrite hundreds of movies in my head after leaving the theater to dream what it would be like to see a movie about love between two men, especially one starring two headlining straight men, it is a seminal moment.This is not a chick flick; there are no dashing leading men and there is no clearly defined happily-ever-after.. but what there IS is the indelible impression of the hell-and-back reality that many thousands of gay men have gone through while traveling the slow road to acceptance.  40+ years after the story in this movie started, the journey continues.  The making and the success of this movie, in my opinion, is one of the milestones on that road.I've never quite felt like I felt when I left the theater after seeing this movie, but I am so thankful that it was made, that it was made WELL, and that if only one non-gay person out there has the lightbulb moment that we love and lose and love again just like everyone else, it will serve more than as just a greaet cinematic experience but one that opens the eyes and the hearts of others.
Brokeback Mountain is the most intense love story I have seen in a long time!!! I can't wait for it to come on video to add to my dvd library...It's a one of a kind movie that made me realize love is so real or so powerful...It also made me very sad that there are closed minded people out there who disapprove of gay love and mocked the movie or put it down. If everyone opened thier minds and hearts and had compassion for their fellow man, maybe this world would be a better place to live!!
I saw this film recently, because it started showing last week in Japan, I feel this is very unusual film as an American film not only because of gay cowboy story. This film tells about a beautiful tragedy of painful love.I hadn't been satisfied by serious love stories by American films while I love American romantic comedies. I had been feeling there was something missing, something deep, wet, pain, hiding in words.. I am not sure. So I prefered Europian or Asian films for serious love story."Brokeback Mountain" is going to be exception for me, that you can see emotion of the characters which is not talked by words.I read the original story by Annie Proulx in advance, and another surprise was the film was so close to the original.When novels turn to films there are some differences and usually the film is not good enough to show the world suggested by the original story. Of course there are some differences between them in "Brokeback Mountain" but this is a rare film that neither dissapointed me nor made me feel strange.Annie Proulx says she put the climax of the story in Motel scene where Ennis and Jack get together in four years, but Ang Lee put the climax in their last painful meeting. I think Ang Lee got the point. For me, it was the scene impress me the most during reading the story. And it was good starting at the first meeting Ennis and Jack while the original story starts with Ennis's suffering life after Jack's death.I recomend you to read the original story that help you to feel more power of Brokeback Mountain than just seeing the movies.
Brokeback Mountain is one of the few movies today that deserve a 5-Star status. Not only does this movie combined a emotionally moving script and world renowned conducting, but the actors and actresses also stayed true to the characters. You literally feel the boundaries between you and the story, and the actors and their characters shatter, placing you in a new reality; one that you have never witnessed before.Though this movie does have minor flaws (such as the lack of aging and the characters aren't the best examples of humanity) It is surprising how people can use these flaws against these movies. Such actions demonstrate a lack of intelligence, since much more can be said about all other movies today. Nevertheless, this movie will remain in history for years to come, and it is my hope that every person living today at least have one copy of this amazing movie in their movie collection.
Like other movies in a similar vein to Brokeback Mountain, such as Les Rouseaux Sauvages or several foreign films, this movie has at its center a story of love between two men. With all the debate and controversy surrounding Brokeback Mountain, the uninitiated might think the movie was all about vivid sex between the characters played by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal. Lending itself to that is the tendency of many people to dub this movie "the gay cowboy movie."I rarely watch movies, but when two men, one a co-worker and the other a close friend of mine I think of as a brother, both watched the movie within days of each other, I had to shell out the money and see this movie. When I went in, I was thinking that I might get a charge out of seeing Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger either making out or possibly doing more than that. However, when I left the theater, I left with the feeling that what I saw was an emotionally intense experience.Let's get the "controversy" part out of the way early. There is perhaps two minutes of "action" between Ennis Del Mar (Ledger) and Jack Twist (Gyllenhaal) out of a movie lasting nearly two hours. More important to the movie is the emotional journey the characters make as the film progresses. Important to me was seeing how the characters handled the love scenes, especially with Gyllenhaal's concern that the scenes be "authentic." With Twist being the one more likely to wear his heart on his sleeve, I was especially keen to see how Gyllenhaal portrayed Twist's love for Del Mar. From the deep feeling of love Twist felt for Del Mar in one sex scene to the bitter "I just don't know how to quit you" later in the movie, the viewer can feel those emotions along with Gyllenhaal, along with the wistful, sunny optimism that sometimes gets in the way of pragmatism forced on him by society.I make the distinction between Twist and Del Mar for a reason. Del Mar is by far the more emotionally withdrawn of the two and rarely ever speaks more than a few words, especially in the early going. In fact, when Twist and Del Mar meet for the first time, Twist has to ask twice to get Del Mar's last name after Twist freely introduced himself with his first and last name. Later in the movie, the emotional journey the viewer accompanies Del Mar on reaches a climax when Del Mar meets Twist's parents and leaves their home with one of Twist's outfits.After leaving the movie, I recalled people saying something about going back to "their Brokeback Mountain" and thinking about relationships they had with friends or lovers that the movie invoked. If you don't go watch the movie, you won't know how true that really is.
This is a far more radical film than those who view it as about "gay cowboys." In fact, as I argue in [...] its main characters lose interest in what label to put on themselves after a while and simply wish to BE. This is an even more profound lesson than the need to accept homosexuality. It is to not limit one's choices by self-labeling. Regardless of one's beliefs about his or her sexual orientation there may be situatiuons where they find themselves inexplicably drawn to someone that defies these preconceptions. They should allow themselves to experience these"out of character" moments without self-censorship (e.g., "Oh, I'm a _________ I shouldn't be feeling this and wanting that. I will just ignore it and it will go away." It probably will but maybe it shouldn't).
To me, it is totally ridiculous that Crash won over Brokeback Mountain. I won't say that Brokeback Mountain is better than Crash. I, a Brokeback Mountain lover, have a right to suspect that Oscar examiners are unfair when they award Crash "Best Motion Picture of 2005".This movie touches my heart a lot. Honestly, I have never liked other homosexuality movies because they overuse sex actions. Brokeback Mountain has sex scenes also although some of them have been cut before the movie shows. Nonetheless, it is all about a love story that contains too many tears and maybe blood. It absolutely deserves to win the Best Motion Picture of 2005. Unfortunately, Oscar examiners do not award Brokeback Mountain the value it should have.I hope Director's cut edition of this movie will be soon produced. I will definitely buy it.
First of all, can I just say, "MY GOD" I haven't seen such a brilliantly made movie since "MILLION DOLLAR BABY", even though I do think Brokeback Mountain does surpass Million Dollar Baby, with regards to better acting and just an all around, a better movie. Even though Clint Eastwood is "THE MAN"! The title of my review expresses exactly how I was feeling when I left the theater.This is the tragic love story of two cowboys who fall in love while in the mountains of Brokeback. With the first love scene, it comes of as an unreasoning or an extravagant passion or attraction, which can be defined as INFATUATION. In the movie, we later on realize that, it's not infatuation at all, but something that goes much deeper. Something many of us don't like to say unless we truly meant it, something we call.... LOVE. Regardless of the fact that it is a love between two men, we as humans should understand because love is a universal emotion which everyone, straight or not, can understand and feel. Brokeback Mountain depicts every emotion we as humans feel; Love...sadness...fear...and anger.I was blown away by the performances of all the cast members including Anne Hathaway, which many people basically forgot was in the movie. Even though I do agree with her not being nominated for an Oscar because her performance was the weakest. Honestly, as hard as it is to say, because Jake Gyllenhaal is my favorite actor EVER and probably one of the most underrated,(Even though people are starting to catch on to him now) although he's been great since DONNIE DARKO. Heath Ledger's performance was stronger and more powerful than Jake's. I feel as though if anyone should've won an Oscar, he should.(Damn u, Capote!). His performance was one of the best performances to ever not win an Oscar in the history of the academy awards. Although these are strong words, they are true. I have never seen Heath act with so much heart and, passion and take on a character who isn't even an embody that fictional character like he did in Brokeback Mountain. Unlike the other actors who were nominated, who had someone who they could mirror and were trying to portray which, is still great. But to become someone who doesn't even exist with such passion and raw talent it would've seemed as though there were really an Ennis del Mar!Now on to Jake and Michelle. Jake Gyllenhaal's performance was incredible as Jack Twist in Brokeback Mountain. But everyone should remember that, just because your not crying in every scene, fighting a cause, or even screaming at people in a dramatic and emotional way, doesn't mean you can't create a powerful performance. Which is exactly what Jake did, he was subtle with a lot of his expressions and feelings, and wasn't aggressive in several scenes. For the main part, Jake was very subtle, to portray a character that was in love with another man, not by choice.Best said in this line,"I anit no queer," said Ennis, Jack replies,"me neither." His facial expressions and body language are priceless in the film, and those are attributes which not everyone possess. During these times an actor's real talent is shown, because its not always about how dramatic you can be.Michelle Williams performance is heartbreaking to watch. She, like Heath, really did a '180'(degree)in terms of the fact that I wasn't really a huge fan of their acting, and they've just done wonders in this film. We get to see her go through the horrible experience of her having to come to terms with the fact that her husband is having an affair, and to make matters worse, with the possibility that he could be gay; with his affair having to be with another man. Also, how every time he goes away to fish with his friend, they are together in more than one way. Michelle's breakdown in the movie was nothing short of incredible and moving. She may not have won the Oscar, but she surely deserved it. But I guess that it all depends on the opinion of the viewers/critics. And finally Ang Lee; Wow. No words can describe how thankful I am to him for making this movie and having the courage to carry on even with all the obstacles he had to face trying to make the movie. Thank you for your genius idea because this movie could've easily been a disaster. Even though Brokeback was snubbed for best picture, they had to give it to you Ang because your directing was nothing short of brilliant.... Thank You with the dearest of appreciation.Going to the movie, I was just expecting a great movie. But now thinking back, this was more than just a great movie. It was one of a kind, and probably will remain that way. I felt, basically, every emotion that Heath , Jake , Michelle , and even Anne felt. This may be a movie about tragedies, but the biggest tragedy was the Oscars showing there true colors; giving the best picture award to a movie that in its own right, was incredible but nowhere near on the same level, and as brilliantly made as Brokeback Mountain. This movie tears at your heart for 2 hrs and 15 mins, and with the way I, and probably many others, felt for many days to come.
What a moving story! Groundbreaking! Well acted! Brilliantly directed! A marvelous adaptation of the short story writer by Annie Proulx. This is what happens to people when life gives them the opportunity to explore, to desire, to remain true to their most inner needs, to become enslaved by their fears. This is what happens to people when they look back on their lives and rethink their existence, their choices, this is what happens when people have to live with their past. This goes full circle: awakening, discovering, identifying, and suffering what is at the very core of life itself. The slow pace serves as a window into the inner worlds of each character. Prepare for this film to tie your heart in a knot.
I rarely watch the Oscars because the show is too drawn out.  I made an effort to see it last night because I wanted to see history being made with Brokeback winning best film.  Needless to say, I was totally disgusted.It's not so much that Brokeback lost, than it is for the obvious reason it lost.  It lost due to prejudice.Everyone knows that prior to the Oscars, Brokeback won every best picture award available, except one.  Just one.  There must have been upwards of a dozen wins.  If Crash was as good a film, or better, wouldn't one expect that IT would have won some of those awards along the way?  It won only ONE...Add to that bit of reasoning the reports that many of the academy voters didn't even want to see the film due to the content.  Well, even if they did eventually see it, that stated desire to not see it defines a prejudice that would prevent them from voting for it no matter how good it was.To me it's incredible that they would even voice such an opinon.I don't care that Brokeback Mountain lost if people really felt another film was better.  I care that, based on all the awards won, Brokeback was obviously the better film, and lost because of personal prejudices.Any voter who voices a desire to NOT review any film nominated for Best Picture should be dismissed.  They have no business being a voter on the academy if they can't watch the films nominated, even a gay themed film.  Voicing their desire to not even see the film was shameful.I lost a lot of respect for the Academy.  I doubt very much I'll want to watch the show again.  There just comes a time when enough is enough.  It's bad enough that we have to face all the prejudices we do in this country without having the Academy boast on one hand about making and supporting movies that advance social justice and equality, while then passing up the opportunity to choose the best film that is doing just that - all because of their own prejudices.Today, homophobia is a far greater societal evil than racism.  Only radical fringe groups such as the Aryans and the KKK would do harm to racial minorities... and they are not supported by mainstream America at all...  But mainstream America - the church going hypocrites they are (mostly), still think it's perfectly okay to be as nasty and cruel to us as they can be (be it personal or societal).  And they justify their actions by the same Bible that promotes slavery, and the subjugation of women.  As I said.. Hypocrites.The academy had a chance to pick the best film, and send a very needed message.  The film will do wonders anyhow, and as time goes on, Brokeback will be the one film remembered most for 2005...For those of us who love the beauty of this film, at least we'll always have that..
This movie is about a love affair between two ranch hands in 1963 Wyoming. They take jobs watching over sheep up on Brokeback Mountain. Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) and Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal) are the two. There's not a lot of dialogue in the beginning between them, but there is a chemistry that is obvious to all. After a night of drinking, Ennis decides he can't make it back to check the sheep so he decides to sleep it off there outside of Jack's tent. Ennis begins to audibly shiver as the cold of the night sets in. Jack hearing this invites him in to his tent. Later on as Jack awakes after pulling Ennis' hand around himself, they both are a bit uncomfortable at first but Jack then takes the initiative and they end up having sex. After that neither one wants to speak too much about it but they have this understanding. After the job is cut short due to the weather, at least that's what they are told, they split ways and end up leading their separate lives, both eventually getting married and having children. They then continue their affair on a more frequent baisis over the years. Each telling their wives they are going away with a fishing buddy. That's the basic story. I won't tell anymore. I really recommend you see this film. Chances are if you've taken the time to read this you will enjoy the film.All the acting was amazing, but Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal were both outstanding. I think it's time for some Oscars for this one. The directing by Ang Lee was stellar as usual. It is just a beautiful film.I knew this was going to be a tragic love story from what I'd heard and even the previews gave it away. So I decided to brace myself and try to enjoy it. Well it left me in tears which a lot of movies do, but even more it has stayed with me. I saw it about 6 hours ago and I'm still feeling down. This is not a knock against the movie, in fact it explains how deeply moving the movie is. It's going to make me enjoy my life and the things I have a little more than I did yesterday. I would imagine everyone will take a little something different from this movie but I think it will affect a lot of people, hopefully in a positive way.Before I saw the movie I was talking to a friend who said they were saying on the radio that it's not a gay movie, but a "country" movie. I'll admit the word gay was never uttered during the movie. I think I understand what they are trying to say, but in my mind it was gay. Don't get me wrong, not like "Torch Song Trilogy" (great movie), but let's face it, it's about two men in love in an age and a place where that was not an option.
The cast and crew of Brokeback Mountain produced a magnificent film about "real" life and love in all of its diversity.  If I have one criticism, it would be its lack of background in terms of providing insight into Jack Twist's life prior to his meeting Ennis Del Mar.  It also did not fully define why Ennis' wife did not confront him with her knowledge of his secret prior to their getting divorced, and also did not fully explore Jack's strange and distant relationship with his wife either.  However, already being two and one-half hours long, perhaps it just was not possible to fill in those holes and still retain a coherent film in the process.  Yes, Heath Ledger's Ennis was deep and believable, but Jake Gyllenhal was magnificent as Jack Twist who was brave enough to want to follow his heart and say hell and be damned to the whole world.  It wrenched my heart to know that after 20 years, it was only death that allowed Jack Twist to "...find a way to quit..." Ennis Del Mar.
came in at expected time. works great. brand new factory sealed. perfect condition. plays great.
This is the best love story I have ever seen. Ang Lee has a knack for telling tragic love stories, and this is his best work. It's just beautiful. I've watched it 4 times since I've bought the DVD. After watching all of the movies that were nominated for the Best Picture, this one is by far the best.
Brand new movie. Looks like from the store "new", which is good. The shipping box was small and compact, environmentally friendly, not like the other huge packets I've received before with my previous orders. Despite the size of the packet, my item was not damaged at all, so don't worry. The shipping service was fast, so really really good.
I also look forward to the release of this film in DVD format. It's one I want to own and refer to time and time again. The only film I've seen that delves into such depths of what it means to care for another person with all one's might, and yet be forced struggle to survive that love in this harsh world, is the Brazilian film "Central Station" (Walter Salles, 1998).I was pleased to see the theatre packed with a widely diverse audience, following no guidelines according to race, gender, or age. It is a testament to the film's universality.Bravo, Ang Lee!
I took some homophobic friends to see this film today and watched as they felt guilty to mock it afterwards. The combination of crumbling families and discrimination forces the audience to mourn the pain of the characters, especially Heather Ledger, Jake Gyllenhaal and Michelle Williams.This is a perfect example of how individuals weigh the importance of social acceptance with the overwhelming power of love. The realistic display of these characters stumbling through their lives, unsure of which path to choose, gives everyone who sees the film a glimpse of what it's like to conceal their real selves from loved ones and society at large.Ang Lee did an amazing job sculpting so much pain into a work of art.
It is unfortunate that people's innate prejudice towards homosexuality leads them to go into this movie with a closed mind. Too many of the reviewers seemed to have already made their mind up before even seeing this film. I went into this movie without expecting much either way. Needless to say, I was very impressed. The principle thing that stands out in my mind is Ang Lee's ability to convey so eloquently the conflicting love that these two men feel towards one another. Nothing ever feels forced, or in your face... more than anything you feel the resistance of the characters at every turn. This is what true love should really feel like, and it shows. Love can have no bounds, and seem impossible to restrain. This movie is a perfect example of this. I would gather that the same situation between people in a heterosexual light would gather rampant praise from all the homophobic people in this society. It is sad to say that they couldn't open their minds enough to appreciate the beauty of the film. Look, I can understand someone being put off by males kissing or what have you... but to those people I suggest maybe reading the short story that the movie was based off of first. The message is what is important, no matter how you obtain it.Pros:Excellent actingBeautiful cinematographyExcellent neutrality that leaves it up to the viewer to decide (although if you aren't swayed at least a little bit, the only explanation is a complete rejection of the story on your part)Great critique of the unnecessary sense of masculinity that affects both straight and gay males alikeCons:The initial sexual encounter between Jack and Ennis may be too quick for people who are not preparedI think this is one of those movies that you really just have to see for yourself, rent it if you must. But if you really want a piece of art that will force other people in your own life to question their own stereotypes or even hatred towards other people, just buy it.
Except for the ommision of the death of Jack's father-in-law and the added importance of Enis's daughter, the screenplay faithfully follows the story's plot and characters.The film brings to the story vivid images of the magnificent landscape of Brokeback Mountain and the development of the characters present them as I envisioned them reading the short story.
I'll be 100% honest here and say I hate love stories. They are usually boring and predictable. I've enjoyed a select few, like The Notebook and Titanic, but never got into most others. Feeling random one day, I decided to purchase this DVD through amazon. I finally had the chance to sit down and watch it the other day and it was honest to God, AMAZING. The story was so realistic and heartwrenching. You feel like you are these two men. You actually can FEEL their emotions, both happy and sad. It's one of the best love stories of all time and also one of the saddest. Every minute of this movie is worth watching and I wish more movies could be so intense and amazing. This movie is a masterclass and everyone should have the chance to see it. Not only does it make for great entertainment, but it also makes you see people in a different light. I've never been homophobic, but if I was and saw this movie, I'd have a whole new respect for homosexuals. This movie helps you understand that love is love, no matter who anybody is with. It teaches you acceptance and that alone is a great reason to watch this dvd and support this wonderful director and these amazing actors!
Brokeback Mountain is a great film that will stay with you days after you've seen it. It is a beautifully made and acted film with a story worth telling which is nice to see since that has become a Hollywood rarity. This is a movie that one should definatly give a chance, it is well worth your time. Both leads are very impressive escpecially Heath Ledger in what is indeed a career making performance. The story draws the heart and mind into full involvement. One cannot help but debate the nature of love and the horrible powers of prejudice and ignorance after seeing this film. A neccesary film for any film lover and a movie that has been long overdue. Daring, fresh, and worthy of every bit of praise it receives. A very high recommendation.
This movie will make you cry.  It is awesome and the acting and directing is beautifully orchestrated.  You get a real understanding of what it was like for homosexuals in the 1960s.
To be frank I wasn't sure how comfortable I felt watching a movie I knew would challenge what I'd been raised to believe when it came to love, but I finally bit the bullet, so to speak, and now I'm kicking myself for not watching this movie sooner.  While it started off a little slow, it grew into a beautiful narrative about love, life, regret and grief.  Although it is a love story between two men, which may jar some viewers at first, I soon forget that completely and was instead caught up in story so poignant, it left me in tears at the end, and had me doing some re-evaluating as well.Jake Gyllenhaal (Jack) and Heath Ledger (Ennis) give masterful performances, opening themselves up emotionally, so completely you can't help but believe their love for each other.  Without their willingness to smash the barriers of what films tend to portray as conventional love, this movie would have fallen flat.Jack and Ennis spend a summer on Brokeback sheep herding in the 1960s.  The two quickly develop a rapport which grows into much stronger feelings which they try to deny, until one chilly night when they share a tent to keep warm.  However, after that one night, both try to suppress their feelings, having grown up in a strong anti-gay society.  At the end of the summer, each man returns to their previous life having sworn the summer was a one-time deal.Immediately following that summer, Ennis marries his sweetheart, and has two daughters.  Jack moves to Texas to compete in the rodeo, and ends up marrying a cowgirl he meets on the tour, and has a son.  Four years later however, Jack comes back through Wyoming, and he and Ennis realize those long suppressed feelings are still there.  What follows is tortured affair that carries on over the next 16 years.  While Jack is willing to take a chance, to leave his wife and child, to be with Ennis, Ennis has such strong reservations, based on an event witnessed as a child, he cannot move past what he believes society expects of him including how,and who, he is supposed to love.  This movie brilliantly depicts the mental and emotional anguish that comes from being forced to live a lie at the hands of society.Yes, there is one sex scene between the two men, but it is brief and honestly you don't see much of anything.  While it may offend some people, you can easily fast-forward through that bit. But this movie is so much bigger than that one scene, and I would highly recommend watching this movie even if you are a little uncomfortable with the idea of two men together - it just might make you think about life and love a little differently.
What can be said about Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain... beautiful. I was so excited that it was expanding to my area, and I went to see it the first day of release. I had heard so much hype about the film that I was almost anticipating disappointment. I was wrong. Brokeback Mountain is a delicate film, full of life and splendor. The cast and writers handled the subject matter with elegance and passion, and the simpler aspects of the film, cinematography, etc. were just as well handled.I was so pleased with the cast of Brokeback Mountain. Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaall made the perfect couple - sexy, dangerous, and forbidden.  Their chemistry was beyond description, and their love scenes were realistic and sensual. (The tent scene is unbelievable, I blushed through the entire thing). I could constantly feel their pain and longing - especially Gyllenhaal's character Jack - amazing. Furthermore, the women were just as fascinating. Anne and Michelle were able to achieve in a few short minutes what some actors fail to do in hours of dull film They were thoughtful and powerful; their reactions to their husbands' behaviors were unbelievable. I was crushed by Michelle, who is receiving most of the praise, and Anne, who is unjustly being overlooked. Her phone conversation with Ennis is one of the most moving scenes in the entire film.Ang, Heath, Jake, Michelle, and Anne's greatest achievement is their delicacy. They turned what could have been a "gay cowboy" film into a work of art. I think Ebert said it best. He came to the conclusion that the film is so affective because it does not focus on the "gay" issue but rather on the story and characters. Ennis, Jack, Alma, and Lureen are so real that the reason for their existence is a non-issue.  The is a story about love, passion, and pain, not about homosexuality and adultery. Brokeback Mountain does not preach or judge for or against the characters' actions, rather it seeks to tell a story - a rarity in Hollywood - and it does so flawlessly.
ok - Shirley Johnson. This coming from a woman who gave "Blue Collar Comedy Tour" 5 Stars. Enough said. LOLBBM is obviously not for everyone. But if you have a serious love for well-made movies with excellent acting, sharp writing, intelligent and graceful directing, awesome cinematography and a haunting score...then you'll love BBM. Otherwise, stick to redneck toilet humor.
What a WONDERFUL movie! I never really planned on seeing this movie, but now hearing all the controversy once again stirred up by all the judgmental religious hypocrites, I decided to go see it. Very glad that I did! I still prefer King Kong for Best Picture of 2005 but this is a close running second for me! I was amazed by both of these lead actors. They were both phenomenal in this movie. They made you feel every feeling that they were each feeling. Plus, I was able to relate to this because this kind of thing does happen. And I speak from experience (minus the whole cowboy theme).Living your life not being true to your heart is such a tragedy and that is the biggest message I left this movie with. I didn't expect it to end like it did but with that, Heath Ledger was amazing! He was absolutely brilliant in this film. The whole cast of this movie did a wonderful job and I hope that Heath does bring home the Oscar. Would have been nice if his x-girlfriend Naomi Watts was nominated for an Oscar for her brilliant work in King Kong.  Would have been neet to see them both win an Oscar on March 5th.Well, Brokeback Mountain is a really great movie! Thank you to Ang Lee for putting it together so beautifully! Loved it!
I've watched this film 4 times now, and the curious thing is that each time I view it, it gets better.  This film is a classic, a breakthrough.  Everything about it is perfection.  It is a perfect example of "less is more."  The acting is excellent, the cinematography, brilliant.  The script, heartbreaking.  In my thinking, it WAS the best picture of the year.  This film will be one that is owned in collections of the best films of all times.  It's in mine, and I hope that it will be in yours.
Boy Oh Boy, what a joy. i have only seen this film very very recently and you have no idea what an impact it has had on me. Never before have  I seen two characters protrayed on the screen which have touched me in such a meaningful and extraordinary way. I cried and cried as their love affair fell apart from the 1963 Brokeback meeting right through to their final separation.This was a stunning love affair, between two people, which moved from the physical and sexual side onto a higher and more meanigful plain in the end. Sadly it took death to move it into this realm, a fact that all of us seem to forget, and with death it is to late to act.I fell in love with Jack Twist and Ennis Del Mar right from the start of this story and I can only take my hat off to the fine acting, wonderful script, and fantastic music.It made me question myself and question my life. Am I Jack or Ennis, I dont know, but I might just Twist Again and play my hand a little differently in the future as we wont be coming back this way again.
By telling the story of two cowboys in love, this movie was sure to explode into the public concious, and the only question on my lips was whether the film would justify its popularity or was merely going to gain acclaim for its controversial subject matter.The movie follows the lives of two cowboys, Ennis and Jack.  Originally working together in isolation as sheep herders on "Brokeback Mountain", Ennis (Heath Ledger) is charged with staying at camp, cooking and cleaning, while Jack (Jake Gyllenhaal) stays in the field with the sheep, protecting them from coyotes, only to return to camp for meals - already a domestic divide is introduced and the idea of them depending upon each other is formed.In the solitude of the mountains a sexual relationship beings  between the two men.  However, their employment is terminated prematurely and the two men say goodbye to each other to live their seperate lives; get married, have children.  One day Ennis receives a postcard from Jack suggesting they meet up, and from that point an on-and-off affair takes place between the two lovers over the next twenty years, with the pair meeting every few months to stay at Brokeback Mountain, the only place the two men can find refuge to love each another.  The mountain becomes an oasis where they can truly be themselves, however it is created at the expensive of their other relationships.Superb acting between the two front men enguages the audience in to the story, however, it is the acting of the supporting cast, especially Ennis' wife (Michelle Williams), that really ground the project into reality and the audiences emotional centre - Williams would even ask her co-actors Ledger and Gyllenhaal to passionately kiss offscreen to help fuel her emotional performance; a task showing all threes commitment to the script.This is a chaotic story of two men that are not comfortable in finding comfort with each other, cannot possibly find comfort in a society that doesn't accept them (as pointed out by Ennis' tale of the two men that lived together only for one to be publicly lynched) and don't find comfort in their hetrosexual relationships.  It is so deep in messages that trying to pinpoint them all would be to insult Ang Lee's vision; watch the film, at worst, it's a little drawn-out and slow, at best, it's life-changing.
Loved it. The second disc gives good info about the soundtrack. I enjoyed it. Some of the stuff was the same as on the original disc. I would have liked a little more original info.
Just as a Doris Day romantic comedy doesn't apply just to blonde women, Brokeback Mountain doesn't apply to just gay men. In fact, the characters aren't particularly gay, certainly not in the sociological sense. What they are, is lonely, isolated--not just on the mountain, but in their inability to express their emotions--and when they find each other, it's like the fracturing of a dam.Yet, the walls of the dam remain. The time on Brokeback is temporary; unreal; in the real world, the men remain stifled. The Ledger character, in particular, is held back by his childhood traumas from allowing himself intimacy. So his marriage fails; his girlfriends leave; all he has to look forward to is the occasional return to the idyll of Brokeback Mountain with his friend. Both men need more from each other, but Ledger's character is unable, so fearful of intimacy that he uses the excuse of prejudice to deny himself the one relationship that means everything to him.Buy this movie not to see actions or speed, as that's not what the movie is about, but to receive the warning message and the wakeup call for all of us.
This is a perfect film.  Never has the topic of love between two men been so perfectly and accurately depicted.  The short story by Annie Proulx is heart wrenching, the screenplay by Larry McMurtry and Dianna Ossana is sensitively developed into a complex exploration of self damage and collateral damage as a result of repression and isolation and Ang Lee brings that screeplay to life never pulling any punches.  The actors, Health Ledger, Jake Gyllenhall, Anne Hathaway and Michelle Williams, perfectly embody their characters and make them real; we know these characters; we are these characters.  Brokeback Mountain is an accurate depiction of the terror and heartbreak of gay love as a result of society's mores and the unavoidable result of self hate and its consequences.  This film will go down in film history as one of the best films ever made.  It is that good.
I have always enjoyed watching this movie. Its not a very complex story but the message is simple and meaningful. I also recommend reading the story, short but enjoyable too.
The greatest reviews for this film are, in a sense, the many thoughtful reactions of people on the Ultimate Brokeback Forum:  [...]  These people have created a supportive internet community where people sort through their feelings of elation and depression occasioned by this profound film. Many people have reflected on their lives and begun important changes as a result.
Great movie.  A classic in the making.  Both actors really got into their roles and made the audience believe that they were observing a relationship with it's ups and downs.
I believe that true love, when it is discovered, is unescapable. I also feel the same about great movies. Sometimes in life an experience will come along that will change, if not define, an individual's life. Regardless it's content a deeply moving experience will forever rest inside the individuals soul, as will Ennis' love for Jack and this movie will for me.'Brokeback Mountain' is one of the finest American love stories I have encountered in some time. It's passion is intense and palpable. The character's of Ennis and Jack, as portrayed brilliantly by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, are caring, passionate, loyal, and tortured souls. Where Jack is more willing to accept his feelings and spend his life with the one he loves in this case Ennis, whom he falls in love with while watching after sheep on Brokeback mountain, Ennis lives with the fear and frustration of knowing such a courtship will not be accepted by the masses in Wyoming.Instead they go on with their lives, doing the proper things; get married, have kids, work hard long jobs. Their only solace coming from an annual fishing trip that allows them time alone to share their true emotions. The two men age and their lives fall apart around them, only their feelings for one another remain.I've choosen not to give too many details away about the story and the film. I recommend any one interested to see for themselves. 'Brokeback Mountain' is one of the most moving and haunting films of the past few years. It's a true work of beauty about love, loss, and the human spirit.'Brokeback Mountain' is many things to many people. Most of all it is an unescapable example of a love void of boundaries.
A very poignant film. I couldn't remain dry eyed throughout the whole thing, and I'm not one to get very emotional.This movie reminds me of my own struggal to reach out to someone when it's hard to. I think it will move anyone who's ever felt the pain that so often comes with the joy of love. If that's you, you will thoroughly enjoy this movie.
A reviewer recently posted on this Amazon discussion board, saying that she is bored by this amazing film. Even in today's society when people are driven to excel in their intelligence, it is a wonder that such idiotic remark still exist. Therefore, I feel compiled to give this individual a wake up call so that she can keep up with the worldThis reviewer, obviously, is looking at every movie like an action movie. The misfortune of the two characters, and their fate, caused by a propaganda driven society, and the love and affection shared by the two men obviously meant nothing to this reviewer. The pain, the delicacy, and the plot, also, become a bore to this individual. This reminds me of my literature professor a few years back when he said that "the greatest works in literature can only be appreciated by the intelligent."Worst, this reviewer is showing classic sign of a brain so blasted by rock music that she cannot appreciate the level of sensations expressed by the music. The soft touch of the acoustic guitar triggers a bitter sweet feeling, and expressed the scenery as if the music itself is painting a picture. Of course, this means nothing to a senseless brain.The worst felony this reviewer committed, however, is her criticism in the acting skills in this movie. Obviously, the characters of this movie demand that the actors and actresses these qualities, which is very well done. I have no idea why someone would feel that this film is poorly acted, except if the opinion of someone who has been numbed by modern day action movies.The review, alone, shows that the reviewer is a self righteous, brain dead person with inferior intelligence from the level of this movie. This can be seen when she said that she read about 1000 reviews, when there are only around 800, and that 20% is written by the same person, suggesting that around 160 reviews are written by the same person. Totally ignoring how the theory is not plausible, but I digress.
Brokeback Mountain is one of those rare films that grabs and haunts you for weeks into months. It is not only about universal love but about homophobia and the closet.  Told in spare, elegant sequences. A rare achievement. AMPAS members (Academy Award members) should be ashamed that they took the safer way out by supporting a simplistic future TV show as Best Picture.
I have never written a movie review, but then, I have never seen a movie like Brokeback Mountain.  It was after the Oscars that I went.  I asked my husband if he wanted to see it, and understood when he said, "Maybe in the privacy of our own living room."  I went to a matinee in our small town, and was the only person in the room--it was divine. From the first close-up I was entranced--Ang Lee promising me that I would really get to know these characters.  He kept his promise.You know the story; I'm not here to re-tell it.  What I would like (need, actually) is to relate is how it affected me:For days afterward, Ennis would whisper new insights to me: "Did you get that when she asked to move to town, she was asking me to give up ranch life, which was all that I had?"  No, Ennis.  I missed that.  Thank you.And then, "Wasn't it considerate of Jack not to tell me that the Brokeback boss had seen us [intimately] together?"  Oh, yes, Ennis.  It was.  He loved you that much.I talked about the movie a lot with my husband, and he listened.  I assured him that if he decided to see the film that it must be on the big screen.  Some things are just too good--too big--to be first-viewed on DVD.Together, we went to Sunday's matinee.  My partner of nearly 40 years was moved more than either of us would have imagined.  In his own sweet way, he had been waiting for me to test the waters, then allowed me to lead him in.  I am thrilled that we were able to share the experience, and it continues to spur much, soulful conversation between us.I didn't cry the first time I saw Brokeback, but Sunday, after Ennis's final line, and all through the credits, tears came in a way I have never experienced--a tear at a time, alternating eyes.  I swear, I would lightly dab the corner of one eye, then the other, and so on, feeling like I could have done it for hours.This film not only made me proud to be a writer and gave me a deeper understanding of my beloved gay friends from my theatre days, but has restored my faith in humanity.  It is a visual masterpiece.  Pure, cinematic genius.  A hauntingly beautiful love story that expands and enlivens the heart.  These dear, dear characters will walk beside me for a long, long time.My deepest gratitude to all involved for getting this love story told.
As I've read down through the numerous reviews on this movie, I have encountered a few (precious few) reviews that had thoughtful criticisms.  And I've even found myself agreeing with some of them.  I do wish there had been more affection displayed between Jack and Ennis to support the idea of them being in love.  Though I will say the 2nd tent scene, when Ennis gets up and goes into Jack was pretty tender and loving.  Still, the complaint is a valid criticism.But nearly all of the rest of the negative reviews, in my opinion, are not valid.  Too many have tried comparing the story with one about a man and a woman, saying if it were about a man and a woman, nobody would care about it.  Granted, they wouldn't.  But if a man loved a woman in 1962, it wouldn't have been a big deal, would it?  There would be no threat to their lives.  Can you see that a fair comparison isn't possible?  Can you admit that it's not?Can you understand that it is this vital difference that makes the movie important?Another viewer claims there was anal rape, which is just idiotic.  This poor individual has no clue what rape means, and as a result, I doubt many will consider his review helpful. For even those who didn't like the movie would know that rape was not a part of it.Another said Gyllenhaal and Ledger's characters in the movie just wanted sex, didn't matter from who.  Is that really fair?  Gyllenhaal's character wanted to be with Ennis, who was too afraid.  And only from neglect did Jack turn to other men.  Similarly, Ennis only was intimate with his wife, and Jack.  He later took up with a waitress, but she lassoed him.  Do you think if he was so afraid of being found out he was gay, that he would dare reject her efforts?  What might that indicate about him to others?  Yet, when she finally said goodbye, you didn't see him trying to talk her out of it.  All he said was, "Well I was probably no fun anyhow." He seemed relieved.  He had an image he felt he had to uphold for his own safety.  It doesn't mean he wanted sex, no matter who it was from.  Painting these guys as promiscuous users is totally unfair to their characters, and the realities each dealt with.Then we had those few nasty reviews that labeled the movie, "decadent, liberal scum," "liberal social propaganda," and "liberal fluff."  In making the charge that this movie had an agenda (and by using the language they used), the reviewers only showed that they themselves have an agenda.  And it's not a very nice one.  Basically, any portrayal of gay people as happy, or loving, or human, or broken, or anything other than sick, is considered propaganda to these folks.  Well my friends, we do have happiness in our lives, and we do love, and we are often broken (just as you are), and sometimes more broken because of your cruelty.  Portraying our lives accurately and fairly is not some `liberal fluff.'  I feel really bad for those of you who cannot stand to see any honest portrayal of gay characters.  You're really going to have a hard time of it during the coming years when gay marriage, and ENDA, and other measures pass, assuring us the rights we are guaranteed by our constitution.  And they will pass.Next in the lexicon of irrational statements is that this movie is the product of a liberal Hollywood obsessed with politics.  Actually, the story was authored by a native writer in Wyoming who is not part of Hollywood.  One reviewer claimed that "Once again, Hollywood is beating down our morals."  No, the movie is challenging you to see more than the black and white of this situation, but it apparently was not possible in your case.Then we have what at first seems to be a fair and accurate criticism... that they cheated on their wives, and destroyed their families.  A really good review was posted on February 9th by "Billy Bob."  The wives were the victims of homophobia, just as the husbands were.  All you straight guys, close your eyes and imagine that you live on a planet where the majority was homosexual.  Anyone with attractions to women were considered inferior and a spiritual abomination.  Realize that if you are found out, it could cost you your life, or at least a lot of harassment.  So you marry a man because it is expected of you.  Are you going to tell me that if you met a woman who came onto you in the mountains that your nature wouldn't express itself?  That you wouldn't get away as often as possible to be with her?  If you think you wouldn't, you're not being honest - or fair. Your husband would be a victim then, just as Alma and Lureen were victims.  And you would be a victim of that prejudice too, just as Jack and Ennis were in this movie.Neither man shirked his responsibilities to his children, as some have claimed.  As poor as Ennis was, he refused to get together with Jack that last August because he had to work to pay his child support.  Those who said they abandoned their children need to watch the movie again.One person wondered if it had been a man and a woman, if "all this deception and cheating would be as overlooked as it is here?"  Please watch "Bridges of Madison County," with Meryl Streep and Clint Eastwood.  Or, just about any movie with romance as the theme.  Deception and cheating are what sells movies..The same person who declared Hollywood is beating down our morals (wait!  didn't Hollywood make `The Passion of the Christ?), also said, "Come on!  Gay cowboys?"  LOL.  Ah yeah...  We are fully represented in all lifestyles available..  there are also gay doctors, gay lawyers, gay teachers, gay politicians, and on and on and on.....  And God help us all, there are even gay conservatives."It's a movie about cheating on your spouse, regardless of the time period it's placed in."No, it's a movie about two men who fell in love unexpectedly, and never would have had spouses if they had the freedom to be what they were.One misguided individual even tells those of us who liked the film to `wake up.'  Apparently we aren't aware the silly critics are `blowing smoke up this film's ass.'  Then he tells us to `think for ourselves.'  Gee, I thought I was.  I'll bet most everyone who posted one way or the other thought for themselves, except maybe those with an agenda (who maybe had their opinions tainted by the Jerry Farwell's and Pat Robertson`s of the world).  Do you really think that your views are so right that you have to tell everyone else to wake up and agree with you?"All I could think of the whole time was how terrible they were. People think they were being `brave`, but in reality it doesn't matter that they were gay and in love - because they were destroying other people's lives and it's not fair or noble in any way."  Could they have been faithful and noble if they had been allowed to be together?  Could they have experienced their nature in a noble way if society treated homosexuals in a noble way?Someone claimed John Wayne must be rolling over in his grave.  I doubt John Wayne would be too shocked by it.  He undoubtedly knew gay men, and probably gay cowboys.  But if he were so shocked about it that he'd roll over in his grave, then let him roll.  Those of us who are gay are under no obligation to hide in a closet so that he or anyone else can be at ease in their prejudice.Okay.....I've responded to all the remarks that I felt needed responding to.As for the Oscars?  I doubt Brokeback will win best film.  It surely should.  But my feeling is the politics ABOUT the movie will prevent it.  I hope I'm wrong.
Its open, unforced depiction of love between two men made Brokeback an instant cultural touchstone, for both good and bad, as it was tagged derisively as the &#34;gay cowboy movie,&#34; but also heralded as a breakthrough for mainstream cinema
As someone who has seen many movies in the last few weeks, I can say without a doubt that "Brokeback Mountain" is one of the best films to come out this holiday season. Heath Ledger does an amazing job, but so do Jake Gyllenhaal, Michelle Williams, Anne Hathaway, and all of the other actors who aren't getting quite as much buzz. The story is about two cowboys, Ennis and Jack, who fall in love while working together one summer. Because of the time period and where they live, they can't be together. What I found very sad while watching the movie is the realization that while society was even less accepting towards gay couples several decades ago, society still has a long way to go today. I would encourage everyone to go see this film, although unfortunately the bigoted people who most need to see it probably won't. Having read the short story that this movie is based on, I think the filmmakers did a really good job in adapting it. I would also recommend the short story, which I think adds even more depth to the movie whether read before seeing it or afterwards. My only complaint about the movie is that certain sections went on a little too long. One of the main plot points is that Ennis and Jack often get together under the guise of going on fishing trips, and I think that those scenes dragged on a little. However, "Brokeback Mountain" is a well-acted and incredibly moving film.
As I type these words, Brokeback Mountain just won four Golden Globe awards including Best Drama. It's no surprise to a lot of people, even though the film itself was every bit a surprise.Ennis Del Mar (Ledger) and Jack Twist (Gyllenhaal), both 19 years old, are two poor ranch hands from Riverton, Wyoming. They meet one summer while seeking jobs, and Joe Aguirre (Quaid) hires them to herd sheep up in Brokeback Mountain.Ennis is a taciturn, reserved and shy man. Jack is a charmer, a dreamer, a risk-taker. Their difficult childhoods and shared interests quickly secure a bond between them. Then one cold night, their budding friendship turns into something else: a drunken, violent sexual encounter. The next day, neither of them speaks of the incident, until Ennis tells Jack, "What happened was a one shot deal. I ain't queer." Jack replies, "Me neither."When the summer is over, Ennis and Jack go their separate ways. Ennis marries his sweetheart Elma (Williams) and they raise two daughters. Jack marries wealthy girl Lureen (Hathaway) and has a son. Everything is normal until, after four long years, Ennis receives a postcard from Jack. Something deep inside stirs up a hornet's nest. Their reunion becomes the beginning of a 20-year secret affair. Brokeback Mountain becomes their refuge from the world to which they don't belong.Ledger (Casanova) is extraordinary with his portrayal of Ennis Del Mar, a man who has few words in his vocabulary, a man so repressed that he doesn't know how to express himself or go for what he wants. Ledger reveals so much about his characters, often without saying a word. His mannerism and facial expression speak volume. He's transformed himself realistically into a man that is so unlike the actor himself, who has mostly been known for his fluffy, light performances in the past. In contrast, Gyllenhaal (Proof) has the more lively role. His Jack Twist is the opposite of Ennis in almost every way. Jack's longing for the man he loves is evident in Gyllenhaal's stellar performance. The men also share immense chemistry together. You believe they're real. You believe their feelings for each other are real.While one can argue that it's a character study of two men and their relationship, the women in the story add an immense appeal to the film. Williams (The Station Agent) is amazing with her heartbreaking performance as Ennis's long-suffering wife Alma. When she witnesses something about her husband that she doesn't fully understand, her reaction is incredibly real and painful to watch. Hathaway (Havoc) has a relatively minor role as Jack's indifferent wife Lureen. But her final scene is mesmerizing - Hathaway has matured into a fine actress.Brokeback Mountain unfolds slowly and, under the direction of Lee (Hulk), the pacing is deliberate and leisurely. At more than two hours, the film feels slow sometimes, but it is far from being boring. While the plot is simplistic, the acting is exceptional and there is so much going on at the thematic and emotional levels that one can't help but feel spellbound by the story.The script by awarding-winning writers McMurtry (Terms of Endearment) and Ossana (Dead Man's Walk) expands Proulx's short story into a languid character study that holds on to your heart and doesn't let go. The dialogue is real and to the point - nothing too poetic or out of character. Mostly episodic, there are many fine moments in the film that are emotionally raw and powerful. The ending will haunt you.Lee's direction is masterful, and it clearly demonstrates his versatility as a director. It's even more impressive when you consider Lee's heritage as a Chinese immigrant, and how he so deftly captures Americana in Brokeback Mountains. The cinematography by Rodgrigo Prieto (21 Grams) is breathtaking. The editing is crisp. Gustavo Santaolalla's (Motorcycle Diaries) score is subdue but poignant.Some say this is a "gay cowboy" movie. I say this is a story about love and betrayal and life. Homosexuality is only part of it - the heterosexual aspects of the story are just as strong. If you have ever loved and lost before, you will feel the impact of this story. The film is like fine wine - it delicately lingers on your palate and seeps into your vein. Brokeback Mountain is destined to become an American classic.
That's is what I got from the movie...The movie will keep your tears in until the last moment... New classical American love story!
aaaagh..This tragic movie touched me deeply and I can't put my finger on why except to say that is about pure, honest love that has too many boundaries..and ultimately, love lost. Wanting so badly what you cannot have. Bridges of Madison County, West Side Story, Romeo and Juliet - it's that aching, painful love that can never really be. It's what everyone wants and doesn't want. If the actors had not been so fearless, this movie could have easily failed. They gave it all they had, thus it is what it is -so real and beautiful.All the actors in this movie are pained in some way and all express it beautifully, in their own unique way. The movie has taken the "mystery" out of gay love for me - it's easy to see it for what it is after viewing this movie...love like any other love. If this was one of Ang Lee's goals, he achieved it.The scenery is rugged, romantic, outstanding - the haunting soundtrack compliments it perfectly.Five pretty perfect stars.
the movie is absolutley amazing everytime i think about it i start to cry i mean i wanted those 2 together so bad but of course they never got together it was and amazing movie though and i loved it its one of my favorites and i encourage evryone to try because u will love it and it will make u cry but im pretty sure it will go down in history as one of the greatest and heart breaking love storys ever told!!
That is the way I first found the short story.  I knew nothing, had only read Accordion Crimes and Shipping News, and loved them both.  Fast forward and I hear Ang Lee is making it into a movie, with two good actors to boot.Some of the reviews here have rightly asked if this will play Red State USA.  No it won't and it never will, it'll barely play Blue State.  Nodding acceptance on the coasts is not "in my backyard".  It is the antithesis of what they will let themselves believe in.  If you've read or seen it, most of the US are more like Ennis's father, showing him the consequences of even unobtrusive homosexuality.  Stating that now, could it have been more explicit in it's moments of physical passion? No, he did it just right.  It wasn't about the mechanics of sex, it was about love and missed opportunities.Heath Ledger deserves all the praise in the world, Jake Gyllenhall as well.  Jake as Jack was a bit easier to play, more of the 'acceptable' face of gayness that we see, especially in the internet world, i.e. married men cheating with men on their wives.  Also Heath's,Ennis's wife, Michelle Williams as Alma, was perfect, both as a choice and her portrayal, and talk about a sympathetic role!  In the showing I attended there was a group of womyn who in unison 'awwwwwed' at the appropriate time.Overall one of the best romantic dramas in a long time and you know there are now going to be a LOT of Wyoming holidays being planned from either coast by pairs of men.
The world has suffered too much from people without depths and intelligence, and after I read some of the reviews, I felt that I must counter Plom de Nume "Rob" so that others with intelligence and depth should shineHis view of the movie can be categorized by many reviewers before as incorrect, prejudged, and shallow. But instead of pointing back at all the positive reviewer's comment to demonstrate his integrity, let's go right into his test.Do we want to watch Brokeback Mountain over 3 times. The answer is Yes. In fact, my family, and friends, and just about everyone I know watched this movie at least 5 times in theatre, and have all bought the DVD release. On the other hand, Crash, though won the award, did not generate the same feeling. In fact, I was ready to pack the movie and ditch it within 30 minutes. The movie talks about contraversy in racism, but where's the depth, the emotional connection, the spiritual value? All it does is repeat the American wave of racism over and over again.If you have not already done so, go to the store, and buy this movie. This is absolutely the best movie you will ever see, as long as you are smart and have depth. Nevermind what shallow people like Plom de Nume say about this movie. Their review alone is enough to demonstrate their lack of integrity.
I'm not going to rehash the plot. It took me a few days to contemplate the remarkable film, and I can only say the it's the biggest feather in Ang Lee's hat. Mr. Lee's sensitivity never ceases to amaze me, from the hysterically funny "The Wedding Banquet" (another gay-themed film), or "Sense & Sensibility" (Jane Austen as imagined by an Asian? Who would've thought...?), "The Ice Storm" (dysfunctional families abound, with great sensitivity), and, of course, "Couching Tiger..." Ang Lee's mastering of such diverse subjects, with amazing skill, must certainy rank him at the very top of our living directors. "Brokeback Mountain" is rife with style & focus. The beauty of the scenery is in direct contrast with the initial conflict. The gentlemen go off to their mundane destinies, which can, in no way, match the beauty of the environment of the mountain. I can't get certain images out of my head. Heath Ledger is absolutely amazing; I challenge anyone, male or female, straight or gay, not to shed a tear when, at the end, he finds the shirt in Jack's closet and holds it close. I'm glad that Mr. Ledger had this opportunity to legitimize the acting prowess that was so well presented in "The Patriot". All of the acting is, without exception, letter perfect. I still think that Jake Gyllenhaal had the toughest role, and his affection for Ennis was never in doubt. I especially liked the scene where he stood up to his big-shot father-in-law. His range of emotion was far more vast than what was expected from Ennis' character. The beautifully written script hit all the right nerves. This is NOT a gay movie; it's a film that presents an element of life, anyone's life, that under the right circumstances, could affect each and every one of us. A very sad, frustrating, brilliant film; I hope it wins many Oscars, especially Picture, Lee & Gyllenhaal. Love this film!  UPDATE: The double-disc DVD is loaded with stuff and worth the investment. I'm glad Mr. Lee won the Oscar.
Brokeback Mountain is a more than a film, certainly much more than a "gay film".  It is one of the saddest and most profound emotional experiences that you will ever encounter in a movie theatre.  The tragic love story between two soulmates is brilliantly realized by Ang Lee, and the performances are flawless.  Both Jake and Heath are remarkable.  Everything blends beautifully in this powerful story----the script, the direction, the cinematograhy, the scoring, and the performances of the entire cast.  The painful story of these two men caught in circumstances they cannot control, and the resulting tragedy is like nothing else I've seen in recent years.
I traveled by train for an hour to see this film in NYC because it wasn't playing anywhere on Long Island.  It was worth it.  The movie scenery alone was worth the trip.  I haven't seen a mountain that beautiful since Julie Andrews sang to the hills in Austria...Folks, I loved the movie, but I am sick to death of hearing people assure the homophobic public that this "really isn't a gay love story."  The hell it ain't.  That's exactly what it is.  The movie portrays that love to be as genuine, as special, and as fulfilling as the love between straight people; a portrayal long overdue.  We also read from many, that it portrays love that cuts across gender lines.  OK.  But let's not shy away from identifying the love being portrayed.  It is a love story between two gay men (even if they can't identify themselves as gay).  It is not a gay-cowboy movie..  they herded sheep for one summer of the 20 years spanning the film.  Just two men who loved each other more than their wives,,, more than anyone else..At the end of the film I felt depressed.  On the ride back to Long Island, I wondered why a movie was affecting me that way.  I mean, it was sad how it ended, but why was I so personally affected by it?  And I think the the lost opportunities portrayed in the film represent the lost opportunities so many of us who are gay have suffered due to homophobia.  Maybe not just romance, but opportunities that were denied to us because of the prejudice, and how tragic that has been.It was a great movie all around.
I cannot tell you anything about this film that you do not already know from earlier reviews. I can only tell you how the movie affected me.I grew up watching Gene Autry, Roy Rogers, Hopalong Cassidy, and all the other classic western stars, so the idea of watching a film about two cowboys in love with each other just did not seem to be a road I wanted to travel. It didn't feel right; especially as I was born into a time when same sex relationships were really looked down on. Or not acknowledged. But the script was by Larry McMurtry and Diana Ossana, Ang Lee was the director, Heath Ledger has become a very interesting actor, and the rest of the cast was fine. So I picked up a copy of the film.No matter how you try to adapt and rethink your position as you age in a changing world those old devil hang-ups and prejudices sneak up on you. It took me three days to watch the first half of the film. Other than some nice scenery and a surprisingly good score it was very difficult to watch the growing bond between these two men. The first half only lays the groundwork for the second half of the movie and that is where you will see why all the acclaim and awards. I couldn't stop watching.After a long introduction of the characters the second half begins to show them as people with a problem - and it was a problem for who they were and in that time - and how they dealt with it. The first half is necessary, but it is the second half that shines. If you have an ounce of soul you will feel the pain and the love as it builds to a final fifteen minutes that is as good as filmmaking gets. It will squeeze your heart.
I cannot tell you how much we have enjoyed this HD-DVD version of Brokeback. Of course we purchased the item because of the sad passing of Heath Ledger. However, we also enjoy the film for its incredible beauty.The story is handled so artfully. The cinematic wide-screen images are beyond imagination. Annie Proulx is a wonderful author. We also purchased "Brokeback Mountain: Story to Screenplay," which contains the original story and great essays by Proulx and the screenwriters.
Basically all i hear about this film was it was about gay cowboys and highly political with somekind of agenda attached to it.  Anyone in the media who has said those words could not have ever experienced true love.  For this film was nothing but pure beauty and a kind of love that no one could ever come between.I was brought up in the 60's and i'm sure each of us on some level in that era has a "Broke Back Mountain" story that we've experienced.  I seem to have related more to Jake.  I had worked in the theatre world pretty much all my life where things were more open in gay life.  I also lived on a farm in Connecticut and the boy i was in love with, a few years younger than i, was more like Heath.  It was a termendious flash back of bailing hay, boy wrestling in the barn, hot sweaty sex and extreme love.  We ended up parting ways because of careers and i thought about him last night and prayed that he is doing ok.I now have a partner of many many years and i'm in my middle 50's.  Are love and bond is extremely tight.  We can't live together anymore because we both have sickly parents that we attend to but we do have a home that we go to on weekends providing no disasters with our parents.  If there was any way we could have gotten closer than we all ready are, this film did it.  It was like being with him for the very first time last night after watching this film.  What closeness and the feeling of being "one" that we experienced.  Again, Love.What i'm trying to put accross is, it doesn't matter if your straight or gay.  This film speaks to all of us that believe in true and everylasting love.  My hat off to the great director and to the two wonderful actors of Heath and Jake for the most convincing roll of two men so in love that you could feel each others happyness and pain.  This film is wonderful and i'm hoping it will be a classic among all ages, all people and all races.
This movie leaves the viewers with a lot of what-ifs to answer: the most important being, what if Jack and Ennis spend their whole life together.The truth is, if that were the case, they would probably, as Ennis suggested, get killed. This is signified at the end of this movie, when Jack tries to move on by starting another relationship with another man. It is unfortunate that this movie is so realistic, making Brokeback Mountain a Broke-Heart Mountain.
I have waited for ages to see this after all the hype and extreme reviews at each end of the spectre. Reading many different reviews I had decided in my head that it was going to be a feel good movie for a mature age gay man (me) to see. It was a month late opening at my local complex, and behind the excuses the truth appears to be 'due to the religeous lobby'. So yesterday I finally saw it. At first I was put off by the bleakness, but was swept up in the subtle layers, and had to remind myself, that this was the early 60's and it was uncannily accurate to my own experience.One cannot go into details without spoiling the experience for those yet to see it so in a nutshell, by the conclusion , I was in a state of devastation which is still with me a day later.Many small sequences are so fast ,it probably needs another viewing, but already my opinion is ,Ang Lee has touched the face of god, unlike the rednecks who will remain in ignorance for eternity. To those yet to see it, remember, we are all gods creations and he made us all for a purpose and those who judge in his name will answer to him.
For someone who reads review more than writing them, it is very rare for me to want to write reviews at all. Even with a movie that I absolutely loved such as Broke Back Mountain, I really did not feel the motivation to write a review until after I see how many propaganda driven, lack of depth, shallow idiots wrote reviews for this movie, just so they can accomplish what politicians and church activist want ever since this movie received the recognitions and nominations they deserve.Broke back Mountain portrayed the universal truth about love, that "Love Is Deepest When It Is Most Difficult." The story starts off with two cowboys, both in desperate situations financially; both came from a less than perfect background. Then, they work in jobs without any support from their employers, and the only people that can comfort them are themselves. Anyone in this situation would fall in love, but their love extends way beyond that. Through the time they spend on Broke Back Mountain, characteristics that these two are destined lovers began to play out. For example, Jack's energetic spirit is the kind of energy needed to awake the comfort within Ennis, while Ennis's calm but firm spirit is the kind of caring nature Jack needs. They both share the same values, same thoughts, and if this were a girl-boy movie, as all the third rated movies Hollywood have made perhaps too much of due to a lack of extraordinary writer and director as talented as Annie Proulx and Ang Lee, then it would be easy to see that these two are suppose to be lovers. But why should the situation be any different when it comes to Two Men? It isn't any different, and finally, on a cold night on Broke Back Mountain, the two started the love that was already meant to happen.Deep inside Jack and Ennis, and perhaps every viewer of Broke Back Mountain, there is a realization that Jack and Ennis are meant to be together, instead of going seperately to wives because of the propaganda they are surrounded with. Yet, that is exactly what broke Jack and Ennis apart: Propaganda. These men would have been extraordinary together, but the propaganda that men should be with women force them into separate lives, and when Jack wants to escape this Propaganda, he is killed. Ennis lived on his own from that point on, and carried on this love for the rest of his life.Now ask yourself, are you viewing the core of this movie? Or are you judging this movie by the surface which, due to the same propaganda that kept Jack and Ennis apart, is a love that is not suppose to happen. All of you who think very lowly of this movie did it because you claim that these men are not in love. Yet you would say that the other Hollywood flicks, which is filled with people who just have sex on each other when they meet, and dump each others the next day, is true love. Some of you even claimed that this book portrayed that gay life is miserable, and this movie is about two miserable men seeking each other for sexual release. You are right, these men are miserable, but how can they not be when people like you are pressuring propaganda on them? Stop, and take the gender issue away for a moment. The qualities they show both themselves, and towards others, show a level of loving integrity that no other romance scenes from any other movie, gay or straight, has ever showed, and yet you refused to call it love. Let me ask you a question, if what they show is not love, then what is?If the displays of love and affection between these men do not come logical to you, it is because Ang Lee had to delete scenes from the original script so that narrow minded people like you won't be offended by it. If love between two men is the reason you don't like this movie, then perhaps it is time that you expand your horizon and be more accepting towards all forms of love, instead of expecting director Ang Lee to place a limit on love for you. If the misery you see is what displeases you, then let it be a lesson to you to create a more pleasant and accepting world for everyone so that these tragedies, which is still occurring in modern society, will never happen again. Finally, if you rated an movie that provokes new thoughts and emotions within the viewers, depths of understanding towards human nature, and a cry for a different way to live as 3 stars and below, then know that this is how you rate your integrity, as there is simply no reason to compromise true beauty towards your personal bias.Now let's look at this movie once again. Does this movie has a script that has depth, content, and provocative yet beautiful? Yes! Does this movie have a director that truly gets the inner beauty of the script, and enhances it while playing it out to the world? Yes! Does this movie has extraordinary actors and filmed with extraordinary theatrical skills? Yes! Does this movie that satisfied all criteria that define an once-in-a-lifetime, extraordinary movie, and even exceed all criteria and expectations and come out on top deserve an honor of the highest regard? Most definitely!In fact, Jack Nicholson, who announced the result for the best picture of the year, is the exact person that said that he refuses to watch a movie as single minded as Broke Back Mountain. Apparently he and the entire Oscar board decided that they can critic a movie without even laying an eye on it! But Broke Back Mountain is still chosen by the people, and received an extraordinary 8 nominations to Oscar. The same is true to all viewers of Broke Back Mountain. This movie deserves 5 stars if not more, and that's what needs to appear on the Amazon rating page. We cannot allow narrow minded individuals who can only see a surface that is covered by propaganda, and cannot delve into the deeper meaning of this movie pull down the rating that this movie actually deserves. Let us all give this movie a 5 stars on Amazon, and 10 stars in our books so that the prejudice of these idiots can be negated, and so that this movie can get the rating it truly deserves!
This film is a MASTERPIECE in all aspects: the score is beautiful, the screenplay is flawless, the cinematography is breathtaking and the acting is incredible. This is a richly moving and beautiful film, a classic love story of human emotion.
1963 Wyoming range provides a quaint and ultimately charming setting for the spirited romance between Ennis Del Mar (Heath Ledger) and Jack Twist (Jake Gyllenhaal). These two cowboys fall in love with each other on a sheep herding job.The plot of the film though, is their carrying on the relationship in secret. The two men must do this because of whom they are and the times in which they live in. Specifically, they are after the magic of their first summer together--something readily transcending labels, categories, and generations.Director Ang Lee did a tremendous job with the movie, based upon E. Annie Proulx's short story. Credit also goes to Dianna Ossana and Larry McMurty for a great screenplay. I've unfortunately seen enough movies to know that great adaptations are the exception rather than the rule. In addition to it being set in the early 1960's there actually is the feel. It wasn't just a case of somebody claiming their film was set in the 1960's with obviously current props.I am really impressed with the people who were involved with this film. In spite of the meterosexualization of society, heterosexual American men are still squeamish about being involved with anything related to gay sex. This heterosexual woman joins Madonna in commending Ledger and Gyllenhaal both for their decision to read for the film. I honestly do find it shocking that these hang-ups remain in 2005.Some films you have to guess why they have received awards and award nominations. However, Brokeback Mountain is one of the titles where audiences will instantly know why it won or was nominated for (among the countless honors) National Board of Review Top 10 Films, Director of the Year, Los Angeles Film Critics Association Best Picture, Outstanding Actor in a Motion Picture, and Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture-Drama, Best Director, Best Actor Motion Picture Drama, and Best Supporting Actress.
Is it possible for a film - any film - to truly make the world a better place?  I have no way of confidently answering that question, but if any movie COULD do such a thing, then "Brokeback Mountain" would be that film.  Here's that rare work that has the power to transform not only how the individual sees the world but how society sees itself.  By putting something never before seen on the screen, director Ang Lee and writer Larry McMurtry earn their place in movie history - and the undying respect of film lovers everywhere.By now, most people know that "Brokeback Mountain" tells the story of Ennis and Jack, two young cowboys who, in the summer of 1963, sign up to herd sheep in Wyoming and wind up falling in love.  Jack is the outgoing one of the two, seemingly more in touch with his homosexuality than is Ennis, who is introverted and taciturn almost to the point of somnambulism.  Something powerful takes hold of them up there on Brokeback Mountain, and while they both end up going their separate ways - Jack to become a rodeo rider and get married, Ennis to settle down on a ranch with his wife and two little daughters - the attraction they feel for one another never lessens.  In fact, it becomes only more intense over the years, as the men come to realize that each has found in the other his true soul mate, his ideal partner for life - if only circumstances and society weren't conspiring to keep them apart.  Instead, all they have to hold on to over the next twenty years are a few fleeting but passionate encounters in the one place where they are free to be who they truly are.Tales of unrequited love have, of course, been a staple of literature since storytelling began, but by making this a GAY love story, the filmmakers bring a renewed power to the genre.  Forced to look at it from a novel perspective, we feel as if we are seeing romantic love being played out for the first time.  There are those who have accused the film of trying to "glorify" adulterers, as if this were the first time in which a story of unrequited love involved cheating spouses.  Would these same people object to "Anna Karenina," "Doctor Zhivago" or "Brief Encounter" on such spurious grounds?  If anything, "Brokeback Mountain" points out the absurdity of a society that tells gay people they shouldn't even BE gay but should  live their lives as heterosexuals.  If Ennis' and Jack's wives are victims, they are far more the victims of a society that forces gays into loveless marriages than of Ennis and Jack, who are simply conforming to what society itself claims it wants them to be.By making the two central characters rugged macho cowboys, the author of the original short story, E. Annie Proulx, not only shatters a gay stereotype, but brilliantly finds the hitherto elusive portal into the consciousness of a mainstream audience.  Certainly, this story would not have worked commercially had it been about two gay hairdressers living in San Francisco.  For the first time in a Hollywood film, we have major gay characters who are not AIDS victims, psycho killers or limp-wristed best friends of the main female character.  Moreover, the movie subtly plays with the latent homoerotic undercurrents that have always been a part of western folklore but which have heretofore been hidden safely enough under the surface so that only those looking for them could find them.  Yet, for all its sociological significance, this is, first and foremost, a story about love - deep, raw, all-consuming love - and it is that which makes the movie connect with all audiences, regardless of sexual orientation.As Ennis, Heath Ledger's performance is nothing short of a revelation, a triumph of minimalist acting.  With his tightly pursed lips, barely whispered monotone and slumped shoulders, Ledger brilliantly conveys the soul of a man struggling with the truth about himself and straining with every fiber in his body and being to avoid acknowledging that truth.  So tormented is he in his life that Ennis seems to be trying to pull back his words even as he's uttering them.  A masterpiece of understatement, Ledger's work here quite simply ranks with the great screen performances of all time.  As Jack, Jake Gyllenhall provides the perfect balance for Ledger, a free spirit more willing to take a chance and defy society, if only he could get his partner to go along with him.  Michelle Williams hits amazing dramatic heights as Alma, Ennis' bewildered wife, who suffers in silence after she learns the heartbreaking truth about her husband.  Anne Hathaway is effective in her few scenes as the girl who ends up roping the rodeo star Jack, unaware of who it is she has really caught.Ang Lee's direction is intense, lyrical and visually ravishing, zeroing in on the human drama with laser-like precision and making the stark Wyoming landscape an integral part of that drama.  Lee makes it so that it is the SILENCES that really matter here, those moments between words when love and feelings are most completely communicated.Just to show that even a great film need not be perfect, there are times when the movie - a tad too long at two hours and 15 minutes - sags a bit by wandering off into one too many subplots.  But the emotions in the film are so raw and engulfing that the film at its best makes us realize just how insignificant and piddling most movies really are.  This is one movie that actually stays with you long after you've left the theater.When the history of the movies comes to be written, "Brokeback Mountain" will take its place among the handful of films that can truly be termed "watersheds" or "landmarks," movies that helped to redefine what cinema could be and do.  And it will be one of the few, in the long run, that really mattered.
I`m live in Per&ugrave;. I loved BBM. It`s a heartbreaking movie. I think the actors did an amazing job besides Jake and Heath are so hot. I can`t wait to get my dvd.
This was one of the "Best" movies I have ever seen..It was the "Best" LOVE story between two people that I have ever seen..The acting, scenery, etc..were surpurb..The LOVE intensity between the two cowboys is so heart whrenching, that it grabs at your very soul..I was so moved that it brought me to tears and made me think about myself and my own love life..I highly recommend it to all..
I was blown away by the directness, if there is such...and how these two wonderful- boys to men -came to experience love..in many ways and then such grueling pain and loneliness. How very sad for our civilization ,to have to have people so chastized as to go into hiding as in the days of war....trying to be `normal' in the eyes of society....and not just ours. I cry for these human beings and will remember them.
Amazing film about true human feelings. Not sick, depraved nor disgusting. The only disgusting thing here are the homophobes like the one above. Anyway, as I was saying, a true and honest film that will stay in your heart forever if given the chance. A film that has and will open many hearts and minds.
For someone who reads review more than writing them, it is very rare for me to want to write reviews at all. Even with a movie that I absolutely loved such as Broke Back Mountain, I really did not feel the motivation to write a review until after I see how many propaganda driven, lack of depth, shallow idiots wrote reviews for this movie, just so they can accomplish what politicians and church activist want ever since this movie received the recognitions and nominations they deserve.Broke back Mountain portrayed the universal truth about love, that "Love Is Deepest When It Is Most Difficult." The story starts off with two cowboys, both in desperate situations financially; both came from a less than perfect background. Then, they work in jobs without any support from their employers, and the only people that can comfort them are themselves. Anyone in this situation would fall in love, but their love extends way beyond that. Through the time they spend on Broke Back Mountain, characteristics that these two are destined lovers began to play out. For example, Jack's energetic spirit is the kind of energy needed to awake the comfort within Ennis, while Ennis's calm but firm spirit is the kind of caring nature Jack needs. They both share the same values, same thoughts, and if this were a girl-boy movie, as all the third rated movies Hollywood have made perhaps too much of due to a lack of extraordinary writer and director as talented as Annie Proulx and Ang Lee, then it would be easy to see that these two are suppose to be lovers. But why should the situation be any different when it comes to Two Men? It isn't any different, and finally, on a cold night on Broke Back Mountain, the two started the love that was already meant to happen.Deep inside Jack and Ennis, and perhaps every viewer of Broke Back Mountain, there is a realization that Jack and Ennis are meant to be together, instead of going seperately to wives because of the propaganda they are surrounded with. Yet, that is exactly what broke Jack and Ennis apart: Propaganda. These men would have been extraordinary together, but the propaganda that men should be with women force them into separate lives, and when Jack wants to escape this Propaganda, he is killed. Ennis lived on his own from that point on, and carried on this love for the rest of his life.Now ask yourself, are you viewing the core of this movie? Or are you judging this movie by the surface which, due to the same propaganda that kept Jack and Ennis apart, is a love that is not suppose to happen. All of you who think very lowly of this movie did it because you claim that these men are not in love. Yet you would say that the other Hollywood flicks, which is filled with people who just have sex on each other when they meet, and dump each others the next day, is true love. Some of you even claimed that this book portrayed that [...] life is miserable, and this movie is about two miserable men seeking each other for sexual release. You are right, these men are miserable, but how can they not be when people like you are pressuring propaganda on them? Stop, and take the gender issue away for a moment. The qualities they show both themselves, and towards others, show a level of loving integrity that no other romance scenes from any other movie, [...] or straight, has ever showed, and yet you refused to call it love. Let me ask you a question, if what they show is not love, then what is?If the displays of love and affection between these men do not come logical to you, it is because Ang Lee had to delete scenes from the original script so that narrow minded people like you won't be offended by it. If love between two men is the reason you don't like this movie, then perhaps it is time that you expand your horizon and be more accepting towards all forms of love, instead of expecting director Ang Lee to place a limit on love for you. If the misery you see is what displeases you, then let it be a lesson to you to create a more pleasant and accepting world for everyone so that these tragedies, which is still occurring in modern society, will never happen again. Finally, if you rated an movie that provokes new thoughts and emotions within the viewers, depths of understanding towards human nature, and a cry for a different way to live as 3 stars and below, then know that this is how you rate your integrity, as there is simply no reason to compromise true beauty towards your personal bias.Now let's look at this movie once again. Does this movie has a script that has depth, content, and provocative yet beautiful? Yes! Does this movie have a director that truly gets the inner beauty of the script, and enhances it while playing it out to the world? Yes! Does this movie has extraordinary actors and filmed with extraordinary theatrical skills? Yes! Does this movie that satisfied all criteria that define an once-in-a-lifetime, extraordinary movie, and even exceed all criteria and expectations and come out on top deserve an honor of the highest regard? Most definitely!In fact, Jack Nicholson, who announced the result for the best picture of the year, is the exact person that said that he refuses to watch a movie as single minded as Broke Back Mountain. Apparently he and the entire Oscar board decided that they can critic a movie without even laying an eye on it! But Broke Back Mountain is still chosen by the people, and received an extraordinary 8 nominations to Oscar. The same is true to all viewers of Broke Back Mountain. This movie deserves 5 stars if not more, and that's what needs to appear on the Amazon rating page. We cannot allow narrow minded individuals who can only see a surface that is covered by propaganda, and cannot delve into the deeper meaning of this movie pull down the rating that this movie actually deserves. Let us all give this movie a 5 stars on Amazon, and 10 stars in our books so that the prejudice of these idiots can be negated, and so that this movie can get the rating it truly deserves!
I remember when I heard of the Oscar annoucement for Crash being the Best Movie of the Year.My first impression is: ARE YOU GUYS OUT OF YOUR MIND?Brokeback Mountain not only presents a conversial idea, but also place in a mixture of emotions, plots and turns, as well as a insight into humanity lacked in most films today. Compared to this movie, Crash is just another action movie about Racism.The only comforting thing to note about Crash is that, no matter how the Academy rated it, did not do nearly as well in the eyes of movie viewers. It only had a 3 1/2 star on Amazon, with only 50 million in US Box office, nothing internationally. Compared to Crash, Brokeback Mountain produced 83 million in US alone, and 166 Million Internationally. Brokeback Mountain is also heavily rated by viewers with 5 stars, where as Crash has been receiving 1 star and 2 stars lately.
i loved all the songs on the cd, some were moving and some were just so relaxing....like being in those mountains....
It's a wierd time for America. A conservative hoodlum is in the White House, a $200 million blockbuster about a giant ape is the top film at the box office, and the main film critics and moviegoers with any kind of sense are talking about is a quiet love story between two cowboys in the Wyoming mountains playing in a handful of theatres. Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain, based on the tragic short story by Annie Proulx, is worth the hype. It is a startling film about the connection between two lonely souls in the bleak landscape of the midwest. Heath and Jake have amazing chemistry which slowly pulls you into the film but eventually turns you inside out as their relationship grows darker. Love, homosexuality, prototypes of machismo, these are all dealt with with rare restraint and sensitivity by Lee as a compassionate but almost indifferent observer. It is only in the film's final shot, and Ennis' final weary line that the power of this story becomes apparent. This is a film which needs to be seen. It is the film of the year.
this is by far one of my favorite movies of all time. truly one of the most beautifully haunting love stories ever brought to the screen. usually i hate cheesy romances and love stories, but this is nothing of the sort- the actors do a superb job of capturing the conflicting emotions of being in love with someone that society deems unnatural or a crime, and the heart-wrenching angst that they feel is beautifully conveyed through their actions and expressions. i would highly recommend this film to anyone- i can watch it over and over and every time it makes me cry thinking about a) how difficult it was to be a gay man in a small town back in the 60s and how many people suffered because of that, and b) sadly how this is still true for many individuals growing up in closed-minded or strictly religious communities
Brokeback Mountain is a tale of love. It's NOT about two gay cowboys---well it is, but that's not the main moral to the story. Annie Proulx wrote an amazing short story about two sheep hearderd who fall in love in 1960s Wyoming, and when it is reborn by director Ang Lee (Academy Award Winner---Brokeback Mountain, 2005) who brings it to life in its full fledged glory. Heath Ledger, Enus, is one of the best actors of our time, and now he finally proves it with Brokeback. Jake Gyllenhaal, Jack, also on one of the best young talents in Hollywood deserved to win the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, but it was George Clooney's year, and Clooney was excellent in Syriana as well.Director Ang Lee makes this superb film, capturing the beauty and mystery of the mountains in Wyoming. Enus (Ledger) is an engaged cowboy who is looking for a job when he finds one, hearding sheep in the mountains of Brokeback with another cowboy, Jack (Gyllenhaal). The two begin to lose control of themselves, and then end up falling in love within the first twenty minutes of the film. Enus is engaged to Alma, played by the wonderful Michelle Williams. She soon finds out the truth of her husband. Jack later marries Lureen, played by Havoc's Anne Hathaway who bares all in the best roll, next to her part in Havoc (a 2005 film that was released straight on DVD---check into it), of her career. She plays a cold-hearted woman.The film is released from Focus Features who had a big year this year with Brokeback Mountain, The Constant Gardener, and Pride and Prejudice. The film did not win the Best Picture Academy Award, getting beat by Crash, which was an amazing film, but it did not deserve to win. Brokeback Mountain is the film of the year that will stand the test of time because it was daring and above all the beauty of what film-making should be.
After watching Brokeback Mountain, it is now one of my favorite movies. It reminded me of The Bridges of Madison County (another one of my favorites...) A love story that shows how decisions -- or lack of decisions or choices -- change your life forever (for good or bad.) Brokeback Mountain is such a touching and compelling movie. It moved me to the core...I cried and cried at the end. The next day I still could not shake the emotions I felt from watching this powerful movie.I resent that people call it the "gay cowboy" movie or that it's referred to as a "gay" movie. It's a love story. Plain and simple. I'd highly recommend it to anybody who's ever been in a relationship where they've struggled with decisions -- especially the difficult one of should I stay with the person I'm with or should I take a chance and follow my heart and be with the one that I truly love...This movie should've won the Oscar. It is truly one of the best films ever made.Buy it...watch it...And have the Kleenex handy...
When the film was first released, somehow I thought all the praises and wonderful reviews were just hype. After seeing this movie on Yahoo's box office chart for ages, I've decided to watch its trailer, and wept.I went to watch BM the day after the Academy Awards, and felt that for me, it was the best film of the year. Although the movie was based on a short story, they've enriched the characters so much that made you felt like you've loved for a lifetime as well.What surprised me the most was that although I went in to the movie with my own expectations and thoughts about some scences, while watching the movie, I did not once find myself thinking and analyzing.  The emotions seeped out from the screen in waves and circled me into its realm, and I appreciate this element very much. I walked out of the theater feeling that I understood a bit more about how others live, have lived, and that particular sentiment will not be forgotten easily.Ang Lee said he only wanted to make a love story.  What a love story he made.
First, let me say that this movie moved me in a way I didn't think was possible.  It reminded me of when I was 15 and saw Grave of the Fireflies for the first time, after which I bawled for hours.Brokeback Mountain is a modern Greek tragedy.  There is the rise and fall of characters, the conflict between duty and desire, the pathos and the carthatic ending.  With all of these elements are an absolutely amazing cast, particularly Heath Ledger, whom I never have cared for and now respect greatly.  The passion between Jack and Ennis moves from understated and sensuous to fiery and palpable.  The instrumental score is gorgeous--truly full of heart.And the best part?  The dialogue and action are practically word for word from the original story.  The only difference is the added scenes, which stem from references the characters make in the stories (birth of a son, Mexico trip, etc.).  Annie Proulx writes on her website that she feels lucky to have her story adapted so beautifully.A lot of guys I know won't go because they feel their masculinity is threatened.  Our illustrious President will not comment on the movie.They are wrong.This is a stunning, gritty, beautiful, moving film.  It's amazing what Ang Lee has done, how bold yet delicate the love story is--how realistic--how tragic.  How human.
I thought this would be hard to watch, but it was a pleasant surprise. The scenery was very cool too.
Charity: The RodeoI am a Gay Cowboy and proud! When I found out about the movie I was in class at college and went to the website to check it out and save the page to my external drive for opening at home, while also listening to the preview music. I couldn't wait to get the movie as it's a 'true' story about love - a 'love that has no boundaries'! Knowing how full of hate so many religious cult followers have, I knew they would put it down, and at the same time it came out, I was residing in a so-called 'christian' home where there was nothing but hate, greed, self-servitude, deceit, drugs, and more! Now isn't it sad how many of these fundamentalists put down anyone who is different or better, yet are savages themselves?When it finally came out in the theaters I was still at that 'place of hate' and so anxious to see it, but not only had I been keeping my personal life and feelings to myself, as well as my opinion - especially when it came to wanting to stand up for my own people - but I had to 'hide' my enthusiasm when I 'snuck' out the door after giving a line about seeing some other movie while getting the third degree about Brokeback Mountain being at the same theater! I won't tell what was said, but maybe you can imagine! Sad how ugly this guy was and how much 'hate' he had within!I was so excited when I got to the theater and could barely wait for the movie to begin, while the theater was also packed with a mixture of folks, as well as nationalities! I watched the movie and wanted to see it again as it really told the 'truth' of life on the range, though many 'homophobic' fundamentalists will always deny that something so true would ever be right or accepted as far as they're concerned!When it ended I was not the only one in tears! While a few patrons left, there were those of us who stayed to the very end of the credits while sharing amongst one another their many different feelings about the movie, as well as the way it ended, which was so sad, but true! Breeders and teachers of hate will always be around, and though education helps in many cases, sheep or religious followers who are so full of hate will 'never' change unfortunately! When I got back home I not only had to hide my enthusiasm about the movie, but also had to lie about what I had seen at the theater knowing what would happen if I told the truth! I'd of been on the streets looking for another place to live!When the movie finally arrived I watched it several times and each time cried for both of them, but especially for Jake's character! When you fall in love with someone and are willing to give up your own life for that person, yet they turn their back on you out of fear or not sure if that's what they really want, it can destroy the other person in so many ways! A lot of Jake's character was like me and I could 'feel' his hurt to the point that I forgot it was a movie and wanted so much to comfort him! I am like Jake's character in so many ways, while wishing some day of having a Ranch of my own, or by proxy, while at the same time wishing I had the money to buy land and build a Ranch somewhere here or near the Antelope Valley here in California. Then, it was a place for myself where I could create movies, since I now know about video design and more thanks to one of my classes at Antelope Valley College, but now it would be an 'Intentional Community Ranch' where other folks who could enjoy life on a Working Ranch and Movie Studio would be most welcome to live!With so many fundamentalist sectarian religious cults out there that breed and spread nothing but hate, while there's so few places where folks could go and 'be themselves', the Ranch is a dream and goal that I am reaching for, while in part, would be a dedication to other Cowboys and Cowgirls who are not so 'mainstream' and 'stereotyped', but who share a love of togetherness and community! I also admire Ang Lee for what he did with this 'true' movie of shared love between two Cowboys and though I'll never meet him or another guy I admire who is Huell Houser, one day I hope to also create movies similar to either Brokeback Mountain, or even documentaries like what Huell does on his many journeys!I highly recommend Brokeback Mountain for everyone out there who really wants to know the truth and not hype from fundamentalists that being different and unique just doesn't fit into society - their society!
Cinematic beauty and two people who end up falling in love.  It doesn't matter if it's two men it is love between two people and caring for someone is a wonderful thing to find in life as so many never truely do. If it had been different time in our history these two men could have been together instead of having their relationship in the shadows.Sadly even today many men do that and even ones whom are married to a woman all becuase this country is still far behind the world in accepting anyone and everyone for who they are and that loving another really holds no boundries as is often the case with narrow minded people or people of extreme religious beliefs.However, it is America and we are all free to think and feel what we want.
I heard about this movie before buying it. I bought before seeing it. I am a straight married woman. But I love gay man. They are great friends and I don't see anything wrong with who they want to spend their life with. Because I feel so strong about gay man I knew I would like this movie before seeing it. I wasn't wrong, this is a great love story. Yes I said Love Story. It doesn't have to be about a man and a woman to make it a love story. This movie is about two man who worked together on Brokeback Mountain alone one year. One night they had sex together. One feels like he did wrong and the other is in love. After their job was done at Brokeback Mountain they both went on with their life. Getting married and having children. They both found each other again and every so months they got together to show their love for each other. I don't believe there was any more sex scenes but you can see how much they care for each other. SO NO THIS MOVIE IS NOT A GAY PORN MOVIE. Like someone wrote on here. This is a must see or have movie.
It's great to see Hollywood finally show what life for hard working men in desolate areas is like when they are unable to be in the company of women. I will never be able to look at a guy in a cowboy hat the same way. The only criticism I have of the movie was that the male heteros seemed pretty one dimensional. Though it may be unfamiliar territory for western writer McMurtry, lets hope the creative minds behind this can write a sequel (of sorts) which takes place on a Naval submarine starring Tom Selleck and Arnold Schwarzenegger as the unlucky-in-love pair.
Having just seen Brokeback Mountain it is still hard to put into words the feelings you leave the theatre with. At first, the movie seems slow but little by little the characters and setting just draw you in. There isn't any escape from this film, once it has grabbed your soul it doesn't let go. It doesn't matter that this is about 2 men who fall deeply in love. It matters that 2 people love. Seeing the anguish and knowing they are living on borrowed time, for those short interludes of love, the pain they feel leaves a palpable pain in your heart. Even thinking about this movie, I get the same feeling of hopelessness and the desire to see a different ending. This movie is painful in its beauty and substance. It is by far one of the best films I have had the privilege of viewing. My one and only complaint was that it ended too soon. I left the theatre sobbing and humbled by two men who could portray such a strong passion for each other despite the odds. When this is out on DVD, I will be first in line to buy and keep this forever.
this movie is unbelievable,  ihave never seen a better movie in my entire life. there is so much passion in this movie it really touched your heart. if you watch this movie and all youget out of it is 2 guys having sex then you need to watch closer and appreciate the message and the passion that movie is portraying, i give the writer props fro writing such an amazing movie!!! so guys swallow your pride and dont miss out on this amazing movie!!
This is without a doubt the best film I have ever seen. I am what you would call an ardent film buff owning many DVD titles that I'm proud of, so I consider myself a lttle perceptive when it comes to films. When a movie can make you feel an overabundance of emotions it's doing it's job.Brokeback Mountain is about 2 men coming to terms with their sexuality in the early '60's when they meet while herding sheep on a ranch. Their time together also makes them realize their fondness for one another and thus a love affair is born. To me  the greatest love story ever told begins at this point.With beautiful scenery ( the film was shot near Calgary, Alberta, Canada), an excellent script, superb directing by Ang Lee, and wonderful performances especially by Heath Ledger who puts on the greatest performance by an actor I have ever seen, Brokeback Mountain has everything a film should have.It's been many years since a film from Hollywood has explored the sensitive subject of homosexuality. The last film that I saw that was superb in dealing with this was "Making Love", and what I like about "Brokeback" is that gay men are depicted as normal average Americain men. Also, during the 2 hours no one is going to die from AIDS, no one want's a sex change, and the gay leads are not having sex with an overabundance of guys.Thank you Ang Lee and the other's associated with the making of this film and most of all Heath Ledger; you have made Ennis Del Mar my hero. For the very first time in my life I am proud to be a gay man after viewing your performance.
I can't tell you how much I love this movie.  It's one of those films that will be talked about for years to come.  I still hear people talk of this film like it was just released last week or last month.  I also think that the cowboy genre will always be viewed differently now, whether for good or ill.  Still, it's an important topic that at least got attention, thanks to a great director and a wonderful cast.  Ledger will always be known as the lonesome cowboy (may he rest in peace) and Gyllenhaal's soulful eyes can melt even the hardiest and pessimistic souls.
"brokeback Mountain" is a love story that reduced me to tears.  It's up for 8 Oscars including Best Picture, and it's getting great reviews everywhere.  Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenthal tear up the screen as two men who start a forbidden romance unbeknownst to their wives.  I think this movie will soon be remembered as a classic.  Ignore those who won't see this movie, for they don't know what they're missing.  "Brokeback Mountain" is great!  I can't wait for the DVD!
Ang Lee's 'Brokeback Mountain' (2005) is certainly a film about a passionate love relationship between two men, but it's equally about loneliness, isolation, lack of self-acceptance, fear, betrayal, the inability to communicate effectively, and the destructive results of broad but deeply ingrained social prejudices.As such, 'Brokeback Mountain' is a film of enormous universal appeal, which no doubt explains why the film is profoundly touching diverse audiences everywhere. Most people, regardless of orientation or background, have experienced some or all of these difficult elements in their own lives.Though not technically perfect, the film actually achieves much more than being a mere exercise in cinematic polish: it is genuinely moving, deeply compassionate, poignant, tender, gripping, and superbly intelligent. 'Brokeback Mountain' is about two men who fall in love with one another in the early 1960s--two people--two human beings. It tells its sometimes unpleasant story in three vibrant dimensions, and, in doing so, casts a soul and a shadow across the screen.'Brokeback Mountain' in also incredibly nuanced in every manner possible--there are more than dozen scenes, both major and minor, which can be broadly interpreted; at least one pivotal scene remains almost entirely open to audience interpretation.The film also gains from repeated viewings, as scene after scene seem to take on new dimensions and meanings.What does the slaughtered sheep Ennis discovers after his initial intimate encounter with Jack symbolize? What else might the sheep's mutilated carcass remind him of? Is Ennis, semi-consciously or unconsciously, planting an idea in Jack's mind when he says he's &#34;had no chance to sin&#34;?Why does Ennis lose control of himself while he and Jack are play-wrestling? Why does Lee choose to frame Ennis against a night sky of exploding fireworks during a Fourth of July celebration? Does Jack's mother invite Ennis up to view Jack's room with a special goal in mind? Why does she nod subtly when Ennis returns to the central room, and have a paper bag waiting for him nearby?Why does Ennis change his mind about attending a pivotal event in his daughter's life in the film's last scene?Heath Ledger gives one of the greatest and most understated performances ever presented in an American film. Note how Ledger doesn't require any dialogue to express Ennis' deeply conflicted, gravely isolated psyche: he conveys it through the manner in which Ennis walks, mumbles, hangs his head, and, in one grim scene, forks his way listlessly through a slice of apple pie in what appears to be an off-hour bus depot.The manner in which Ennis and Jack express their passion for one another is incredibly moving, since their attraction is primarily an expression of emotional desire and deep longing rather than a matter of strictly physical attraction.Jake Gyllenhaal does his best work in the film when illustrating Jack's tenderness for Ennis in three key scenes: on the occasion of their second intimate encounter, on the afternoon they leave the mountain, and during their last meeting; and tenderness expressed between men is a thing rarely seen in American cinema. Additionally, adult love has seldomly been depicted in film as convincingly as it is in 'Brokeback Mountain.'It's probable that the film's brief last line, hauntingly delivered by Ledger, will go down in film history, since it allows Ennis to finally express, as best he is able, everything he has felt for Jack over several decades in three terse, surging, terribly sad words.With the exception of children, 'Brokeback Mountain' is a film for all audiences. It's a grand thing to actually discover a mature, intelligent film that is 'adult' in the best sense of the word, which is also profound and highly enjoyable. 'Brokeback Mountain' has proven to have a kind of healing power over its many of its viewers, and thus is a film all audiences potentially gain from seeing.
This is a very awesome movie, I watched it six times in the first week of having it.
I know everyone keeps harping on "Brokeback Mountain" as the "gay cowboy" movie, but even as a gay man, there was so much more there that I was watching. "Brokeback Mountain" is a rare movie that portrays gay men realistically, perhaps one of the very few American Movies to do so. ("Philadelphia" and "Longtime Companion" being the other two on a very short list.) Meet any committed couple that lives outside a metro area, and they will relate alot of the same experiences; the false marriages, the children they were terrified of abandoning, the constant fear of being discovered and the sad reconciling to yourself that your life is going to remain a tormented hetro-lie.To that extent, Heath Ledger completely captures the fear and self-terror that so many gay men who don't fit the cliche feel. After having his first explosion of desire in the mountains of Wyoming, he immediately stammers "I ain't queer." Ask any gay man over 40 about that incident, and I'd bet you over half could tell you of a similar situation that occurred in their own lives.But "Brokeback Mountain" is, again, of much greater substance than that. The script is an incredible, almost flawless economy of words and nuance. There is barely a wasted sentence or phrase in this movie. In fact, part of the drama is that there are so many long stretches of silence. (The initial meeting between Jack and Ennis, for instance.) The Annie Proulx short story to script adaptation by Larry McMurty and Diana Ossana is only deviated from in a couple short segments (Jack Twist's interaction with his in-laws, most notably), with many of the key passages are lifted verbatim. And that is a good thing.Perhaps more than the terrific script is that all the principle actors execute their parts so perfectly. Both Anne Hathaway, who shatters her teeny-pop image as the (at first, anyway) clueless deb that marries Jack, and Michelle Williams, as the long suffering soul that marries Ennis (who does one of the film's many heartbreaking moments as she - without a word - conveys shock, confusion and sudden sadness when she first sees Ennis encounter Jack) stand above their roles. Even the brief appearances (Jack's parents near the movie's end, Randy Quaid as the bloated, bigoted herd-owner) stay completely on target.To that end, it is interesting to note how many of the film's detractors hide their homophobia behind statements like "this movie is just about an affair and how it ruins lives." Yes, "Brokeback Mountain" is about an affair. But saying that it's just a cheater's movie is like saying that "Hamlet" is just a ghost story. There is a lot more going on here, the underscore of the forbidden and the tragedy of the unrealized life. When Anne Hathaway describes to Ennis the "official" story behind the returned letters from Jack while the true circumstances play out in a breif flashback (and thus complete an earlier foreshadowing in the film), you really feel the loss for everyone involved.Again, the triumph of "Brokeback Mountain" is its great story about the tragedy of an unrealized life. Funny how something this honest yet true gets hypocritically slammed and ranked from certain theaters, when gratuitous violent swill like "Hostel" enters moviehouses with an R. Everyone involved with "Brokeback Mountain," from Director Ang Lee to even the cinematrographers (who do a great job of making Canada look like the American Mid-West) deserve all the kudos being lavished upon them.
This superb and superlative movie is one of the saddest and most uplifting I have seen in a very, very long time.  The acting by all involved is exemplary and Ang Lee's direction is understated yet emphatic at the same time.I saw the first matinee of Brokeback Mountain here in Ottawa, Canada and at the end there was much sobbing and wimpering - mostly from the WOMEN in the audience.  That is how affecting this movie is to viewers of all sexual persuasions.  For that reason I believe the Academy Award for Best Picture was stolen from Brokeback Mountain because of the hidden homophobia still present in Hollywood, of all places!!  There must be more gays and lesbians per capita there than any other place on earth but it is the producers and the power elite who ultimately decide - in their own minds only - what is palatable and acceptable for the American "unwashed".  We must not forget the "casting couch" and the crypto-fags who produce and cast movies but are married with children yet still DEMAND sexual favours of all persuasions and perversions from aspiring AND established actors in order for them to get the parts.As a Canadian I was very proud of the cinematography of Banff and Jasper National Parks which stood in for Montana and the film is a glowing advertisement for the breathtaking scenery of those locations.  The rise in the tourist trade from the US of A must have skyrocketed after Americans realised the natural splendoursexisting north of our common border.The acting by Gylenhaal and especially Heath Ledger is outstanding.  Ledger carries the movie with his anguished non-communicativeness and the scene at the end with Jake's family  will tug at your heart and your mind.  Ledger's subdued and stylish acting there and at the very end is one of the best performances by an actor I have seen in a very long time.  HE should have gotten the Academy Award for Best Actor but then Philip Seymour Hoffman's portrayal of Truman Capote was very tough competition indeed.  It is too bad there was not a tie vote because they both demonstrated their consummate mastery of the art of acting.The female stars are also very good and since this is basically a family movie about love, longing, and lust their presence is essential.Every aficianado of fine cinema should run out to get this DVD and you don't have to be gay to appreciate its qualities.  It is a movie for everyone and speaks universal messages.Very, very highly recommended for ALL sexual persuasions.TIMOTHY WINGATE  Ottawa  CANADA
Rent/buy this movie, period. This is the best film of 2005, and most critics agree--which is rare. In fact I have yet to read an unfavorable review written by a professional critic. Anyone who would rate this film less than A- in Story, Acting, Direction, Visuals, and Overall probably did not actually see the film! It is such an honest portrayal of two people's love for each other.The breathtaking cinematography alone is oscar-worthy. Then you have the masterpiece short and simple story transformed to the big screen effortlessly. Heath Ledger could have won best actor for his portrayal of the cowboy whose emotions were so far bottled up inside him that he could barely speak. You can feel his every emotion, ranging from guilt, embarrassment, sorrow and joy without his uttering more than a few syllables. Jake is also brilliant. Both are at the beginning of very long and fruitful careers if this is a part of what they are capable of.This film starts in 1963, a time when acceptance of diversity was not widespread. In some ways we have come a long way from that time period, but in others our country has not. This film affirms why two people in love (man/woman, man/man, woman/woman) should be given equal rights in marriage under the law--why marriage has caused a big policital debate does not make sense. Aren't there other, more significant global problems to deal with than two people in love wanting to have a recognized committed relationship? This film is not about that issue specifically, but it is impossible not to consider this after you see the results of these two men living a life of secrets and lies over several years. One tries to come up with a solution, whereas the other is too ashamed and fearful to pursue his truth. And it is a shame--a very sad reality. See the movie, especially if you are hetero, because for 2 hours you may see the best film ever made about two men in love, and some of the challenges it can bring. Ask yourself what you would do in either of the men's situations.  Would you be honest about who you are and who you love or hide in shame and fear because of how others might judge you?
I am not an emotional person, yet this movie broke me down. It really makes you reflect on a wasted life. No wonder groups as disperate as 'Exodus International' (ex-gays), Log Cabin Republicans, Matt Drudge, and Family Research Council are enraged at the popularity of this film. It opens a door to a type of love that these groups are tremendously threatened by (only if it is out and open). It begs the question of why so many closeted homosexuals are drawn to and rise to the highest levels of the current Administration. The issues of secrecy, hypocrisy, and inner turmoil make this DVD a must!
This motion picture is habit-forming to an extensive degree. I watch it every day, sometimes twice or three times in the same day. It is difficult to stop watching.
It is wonderful to see Ang Lee come back with `Brokeback Mountain,' beautifully-shot, heart-rending drama about two cowboys and their forbidden love. Some of you might find the film's theme not so attractive at first, but don't worry, the film can be appreciated as a love story, and a very good and nuanced one too.The quiet opening section is the strongest part, where Ennis (Heath Ledger) and Jack (Jake Gyllenhaal) are hired to guard the sheep in the mountains in the early 1960s. The sparse use of dialogues and soundtrack enhance the emotional tension between them, with a help from the stunning photography of Rodrigo Prieto, who captures the serene beauty of Brokeback Mountain,Then we meet Ennis and Jack four years later, both married and with children. While Jack considers the possibility of living together, Ennis, who recounts a horrible episode from his childhood memories, evades the topic altogether, suggesting his repressed fear about the consequences of such a life. However, as time goes by - and the film covers about 20 years of their life -- their hidden (so they believe) relations inevitably influence those around them, especially the life of Alma (Michelle Williams), Ennis's wife.First and foremost, `Brokeback Mountain' is a success as the poignant love story between Ennis and Jack. Jake Gyllenhaal is good as Jack, clearly more seductive of the two, but it is Heath Ledger who embodies the sadness of these two lovers. Ennis is a good example of a lonely soul, who knows nothing about his own life except that he messed it up somewhere in the past.Female roles are less impressive though Michelle Williams shines as tormented wife of Ennis. Ann Hathaway plays Laureen, Jack's wife, but talented as she is, I think the NYC-born actress is miscast as Texas girl. (And there are brief nudity of them, which is totally unnecessary here.) Anna Faris, Linda Cardellini, and Kate Mara also appear, but with the exception of Kate Mara, who plays the daughter of Ennis and seeks for the love of her father, the good cast is largely wasted.`Brokeback Mountain' is not without flaws. Perhaps it could have been better with more time to tell the story, but the emotional power of the central theme is strong all the same, and the end results of their story are simply overwhelming.
This movie really is as huge as the hype has made it out to be.  First it's really the first gay love story (if you want to call it a love story) to go mainstream, second it's got two pulitzer prize winners and Ang Lee involved, third it's got the best acting I have ever seen on film, and when you mix everything together you get the most professional adaptation of a written work I wouldn't want to say ever done, but it certainly might be.You probably know the story by now, so I won't go on with plot summeries, but I will tell you what made me attend this film 4 times at the theater:As an English major this movie was like literary heaven.  After the first time I watched it I was blown away by all the foreshadow, symbolism, parallels, and poetric transitions that this film did perfectly.  For instance, Jack always misses what he "shoots" (coyote, deer) but Ennis hits them.  In a sense Ennis has "hit" Jack, but Jack can never really "hit" Ennis.At the end of one scene Alma throws down mail and the camera captures an ad for Honey.  In the next seen Jack says "Honey" to his wife.  What a great Poetic transition!There are many parallels, most notably that embrace from behind.  Jack and Ennis do it twice, once while in the motel and another during the flashback when Jack is "sleeping like a horse."  Alma also embraces Ennis from behind in the first bedroom scene when she wants to move into town.  Even the their two shirts together in the end can be considered an embrace from behind.Jack foreshadows his outcome by wearing purple in one scene.I could go on and on and on with all the fun English and Literary goodies I found by watching the movie--trust me, I took pen and paper into the theater and filled up 5 front-and-back pages of notes.  But I think I can summerize how I feel about this film by simply saying it is outstanding, and will always be considered Best Picture no matter what the Oscars have to say.
(This comment is written primarily for those who have already seen the movie at least once on the big screen)Like millions of people before me who have come to appreciate the beauty of Latin maxims, simple yet elegant at the same time, I, too, have added a few such famous sayings to my cherished memories over the years. One of such is: "magna est veritas, et praevalebit", and another more popular one begins with "omnia vincit amor". The profound truths in these pithy expressions are so inviting and eternally fresh that any attempt for explanation not only seems superfluous, but dilutes and degrades as well.Never had I had any doubts about these categorical truths or their universal applicability until I had the opportunity to watch Brokeback Mountain on the big screen. While the surface story, the romance between the star-crossed same-sex lovers, is as plain as the broad daylight, (indeed, a few movie-goers and critics did seem heinously satisfied at working out such a cruel and over-simplified conclusion), it is the undercurrent that adds texture and charm to its wide appeal. Thoughts and images thus provoked from viewers' own past and a growing concern for humanity and the human condition are not among the first and definitely not the easiest that millions of movie-goers can shake off as they drive home. For many, the nostalgia for Brokeback Mountain will set in much too soon and linger on much longer than they ever thought possible.So, what is Brokeback Mountain after all? Simply put, it's a movie that love is conquered and lovers are consumed and all this is made possible only under the careful direction and watchful eyes of Ang Lee, an amazing individual whose appreciation for humanity and superb ability to translate that appreciation faithfully into the silver screen will unequivocally peg himself among that rare species of gifted few who had ever bestowed a modern Olympia into the hearts of the viewing public.Many have expressed a view that the harsh physical and social environment in the unforgiving heartland of Wyoming, seat for the century-old rural homophobia, directly or indirectly, was culpable for the tragic results of Ennis and Jack's romance, yet the story and movie have beamed through and transcended far beyond all boundaries for an individual's loss of love. This gripping movie, therefore, testifies *VULNERABILITY* of mankind in general. And what a vulnerability it has depicted!These two poor and unenviable cowpokes, each with limited education, limited vision for life, are doomed from the very beginning to have a life of limited success, at the very best, in such an environment, yet now it is their unique love story that will resonate triumphantly with the majority of public, for good. Both men and especially Ennis, appear quite muscular, yet such shells of masculinity alone are no match for their predestined hardscrabble lifestyles as ranch hand or rodeo boy. Does that mean both should just recognize their fate, admit that they are socially and economically disadvantaged and live out their lives the best they can and remain humbly submissive to the juggernaut of social norms? Many in similar situations probably would have, yet they have chosen the hard way, periodically retreating to the Brokeback Mountain, the only refuge on earth they knew, the only safe-haven where their innocence could be protected and prolonged. And the price they had to pay as years went by? Double lives in shadows with much added pains, so endless and an uneasiness, utterly unbearable. There was simply no royal road or easy way out of this extremely unsatisfying situation, while constant fears and self-denials gnawed them inside out.Ang Lee, or for that matter, E. Annie Proulx as well, doesn't even pretend to have a ready answer for us mortals. All he did was to present this ineffably sad story as realistically and intelligently as possible, with nothing more and nothing less, leaving no stones unturned. Lee had attacked no one and had no "other" agenda. Lee, first and foremost, was simply stunned and has been captivated ever since by the purity, strength and depth of this kind of male bond. However incompatible and at odds it may seem to be with the rest of human society, it is nonetheless in complete harmony with the *TRUE NATURE* of these two men.There are no make-believe special effects, no dizzy plot line or other cheap gimmicks, just the plain, uncluttered story itself, simple yet elegant in its own right. In the end, Lee has achieved few have ever aspired for or begun to embark, an unbiased, unique story centered on an unglamorous couple that most people can relate and respond to, on many different levels. Seeing the irrevocable personal losses from society's least endowed members (unfortunately, the good looks of these actors/actresses tend to do a disservice here and blur this poignant fact) unfolded painstakingly on screen was the last straw that opened the floodgates of emotions from millions of viewers. More than entertaining, it is no less educational. Never claimed to be uplifting, Brokeback Mountain did help to disown some ingrained biases in more than just a handful few since its debut. As far as the art form of motion picture goes, by now, Lee is definitely a true master, sensitively and versatile, with piercingly keen eyes and a big warm heart.In just one scoop, my once seemingly unbreakable faith in "omnia vincit amor" is now completely smashed by Brokeback Mountain, and yet surprisingly this has aroused no hard feelings on my part at all, for, it's always the second half of this very maxim, "nos et cedamus amori" that really counted!
Before reviewing Brokeback Mountain, I must dismiss some of the absurd and ridiculous statements circulating about the movie. First, this film does NOT contain a bunch of gay sex scenes! This film is NOT anti-family values (what the hell are "family values," anyway?), and this movie does not promote the "gay agenda!"I am heterosexual. I am not gay, none of my friends are gay (at least that I know of), and I have no gay family members that I know of either. One should not have to make this disclaimer, but anti-gay activists are accusing those who like this movie of having an agenda. Having said that, I thought Brokeback Mountain was fantastic. This might possibly be the best film I've seen in the theaters so far in 2006, and after watching the film, I spent weeks on end thinking about the content of the film. Great movies have a way of making viewers do that.Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhall first meet in Wyoming in 1963 when both are in their early 20s looking for summer work. They end up finding employment with a local sheep herder, and in the process, find out a thing or two about themselves. The two develop feelings for one another, but under the anti-gay socialization each has been raised with, quickly attempt to suppress these emotions.At the end of the summer, each man returns to his hometown to pursue his respective life. Ledger gets married and has two daughters, while Gyllenhall returns to Texas and meets a cowgirl at a tavern. They get married and have a son.However, Ledger and Gyllenhall end up meeting up again several years later. Emotions are rekindled, leading to complications in their relationships with their respective families and each other.This movie shows the mental anguish and emotional turmoil that results from being forced to live a double life at the hands of society. The film actually made me rethink and reconsider a lot of the stereotypes that I held towarards homosexuals, and Brokeback Mountain is an important and timely film.Everyone I know who saw this film in the theater thinks it is phenomenal. There is great acting, and the cinematography is breathtaking: herds of sheep flocking about the screen, the mountains and lakes of the Rocky Mountains, and the rugged terrain and cornfields of Texas. At the end of the day, Brokeback Mountain is as much or even more a Western film (not a "gay film" that its bashers would have us believe) than anything else. The plot is fantastic, and the movie is an overall success. Watch it.
Voil&agrave; pr&egrave;s de trois mois que j'ai vu ce film. Je suis retourn&eacute; le voir sept fois. &Agrave; chaque fois, mon cur s'est serr&eacute;. &Agrave; chaque fois, j'en ai appris davantage sur ma propre vie. &Agrave; chaque fois, j'ai eu envie d'en apprendre davantage. C'est indiscutable : ce film est le seul, depuis longtemps, &agrave; avoir autant provoqu&eacute; de r&eacute;actions enthousiastes. C'est le film le plus prim&eacute; de 2005. C'est aussi un film qui d&eacute;clenche un syndrome (non-contagieux, h&eacute;las), une esp&egrave;ce de folie douce. Un regard compassionnel au monde. C'est plus qu'un chef-d'uvre, n'en d&eacute;plaise &agrave; certains critiques de cin&eacute;ma : c'est un &eacute;v&eacute;nement inoubliable. Ennis et Jack sont devenus aussi l&eacute;gendaires que Rom&eacute;o et Juliette.
It takes your breath away. The film is so powerful and so beautiful. After reading all the reviews I should say I'm surprised the gay population is so narrow-minded to see it as a gay movie. It is a devastating love story between two human beings. I think everybody should see it just to see how somebody can love, because that's why we all live, not everybody is that lucky though to find it.This is a DVD that everyone need to buy, and add it to their video collection for generations to come.The acting is superb! Good job everybody...
A beautifully crafted film with excellent performances from the whole cast, especially Ledger.  A tragic love story as well, and I'm impressed with how closely the screenplay follows the short story--which I also recommend.  I never looked at my watch the whole time I was in the theatre--and believe me, that's getting tougher to do these days with all the mediocre movies that come out.
As a movie aficionado, I make a practice of seeing films that pique the intellect, the imagination, and the heart. Ang Lee's tour de force is a team effort (as evidenced by the "extras" on the second dvd) that bursts the bounds of all three standards of measurement. There is not a flawed frame in the entire film. I have watched Brokeback Mountain numerous times and I find it an honor to make the journey so lovingly scripted by McMurtry and Ossana. Everyone involved deserves kudos for sweeping courage.
"Brokeback Mountain" is a beautiful love story for our time.  It is superbly scripted, sensitively directed, beautifully filmed, with inspired acting and a message that all Americans need to hear.
It is the film that should have won Best Picture from the Academy. That's besides the point, though. This film, "Brokeback Mountain", is now 'locked' into the American landscape as not only one of the best films of all time, but one of the most important. The Two- Disc Collector's Edition only re- confirms the majesty and brilliance of Ang Lee's direction and deserved Best Directors Award from the Academy. One cannot resist being pulled into this film and being apart of these two men's struggle. The first 'male sex' experience for Ennis in the tent is raw, intense, shocking and beautiful all at the same time. You are left speechless and your heart pounding. The first kiss between Jack and Ennis is tender, gentle and sensual... both are capable of loving. Hollywood has always chickened out in following through from here. "Brokeback Mountain" does not. I believe this film will soon go down in the American history books as a vital and all- out important work and contribution to art, film and literature, alike.
It has been a very long time since I saw a movie that made me feel what the characters were feeling.  That Jake and Heath convey the love and pain these two men felt is a testimony to their acting ability.  It is frustrating to watch and want them to go somewhere else to be together.  But they are who they are, living within the limits of their own world and souls.  The weakest performance,  Jack's wife, is still a pretty good one.  The sweeping and beautiful cinematography is overshadowed only by the scenes of intimacy between the characters.  The music alone will draw out your tears.
This lovingly presented story of two angst ridden cowboys riding the rail of societal taboos is a metaphor for the long lonely beautiful expanse, the love affair exists inside of.The actors never get to give their all and that sometimes reminds us of the issues gay people deal with in general,(hiding)in our current world of anonymous identity.Yes,even with this movie the civil rights of gay/lesbian people are not protected by federal law.The ensemble is perfect showing the ability for each person to flesh out their responses to relationships straight or gay that are mired by limitation. Ang Lee's work will be a landmark movie for eons to come.I feel "Crash" will be considered a lesser movie,and people will be questioning why this epic earned best director,and why it didn't get recognition for the most engaging film of the year. I believe this movie will have social consequences,when homophobic people view it on video in their own living rooms...
great movie altogether. sometimes i wonder if those who worry so much about the gay content of movies and its effect on children, stop to think about how their hateful, unforgiving attitudes may have a greater impact on them. the movie reflects part of what being gay is about. there is nothing gay (=happy) about being gay. it sucks regardless of how carefree some gay people may want to be perceived as. before you review this or any other film, get a heart. the film may have flaws but at least someone had what it takes to make it, and the acting is excellent. peace.
Raw and honest without being manipulative.  This is a classic love story that will stay with you forever.
Perhaps one of the best movies ever made. Concise, Intense, and all the actors performed incredibly well in the movie. Completely focus on the purpose.
Was Great movie !!Very True Love story with sad ending
This is a movie that grips the soul, stirs the emotions andtugs at the heart. I went to see it a couple of times withdifferent people. The emotion and realism that was portrayed inthe acting was absolutely incredible. I think it pushed the boundaries and preconceptions of what we view love as and orhow it should be. The music, the scenery, and the storylineall made this movie a complete and moving experience. I amanticipating the release of this movie on DVD, as it is a musthave for my collection.
Some commentator said, that this movie "pulled at his heart strings" and that  that did not happen often to him. Same here. I can say that movies really move (haha) me very often. They might be thrilling, interesting,cool etc., but hardly ever really emotinally touching. This one sure was.I was very (!) sceptic about whether i would like a movie that deals with "two gay cowboys". Now i am glad that i took the "trouble" watching it.A really Great Movie!
I am happy to received my order but as a international person the price plus shipping and overseas fees for me was not a bargain
I found out that I can 'purchase' the music (piano/vocal) book from the movie - TWILIGHT!  And that I can purchase a 'used' music book.  So much cheaper and the book was in great condition.  Thank you
I highly recommend Fretboard Logic SE and DVD to anyone who wants to master the guitar. It is very well written and the DVD compliments the book very well. It's worth the investment. After reading this book I was able to understand all the other books on guitar that I ever bought that didn't offer musch because they didn't lead me to understanding the guitar.
For all the reviews that take issue with this series for one small issue or the other you miss the point.A book is written for the masses. No author can take into account that you were born without a pinkie finger or that you don't have the time to go through the whole book slowly.This series is for the SERIOUS guitar student who wants to understand the guitar in a way that almost no other author does. It is organized and well thought out and as I said in my first review "You must get the DVD with the books" There are pieces in the book which are complex and difficult to explain in written form. For example: "A mode can be the same scale pattern as the G maj scale but it starts and ends on a target note."  Until you hear that scale, starting from that note, played against a backing progression, it is very very difficult to understand. Once you hear it it is very simple. Since you can't hear a book, the DVD is a must.Buy the whole set and expect to take at least a year to grasp it all. Then expect to be a not only a good guitarist but a good musician as well. And if you have some special need, do yourself a favor and don't buy books. Find a really good guitar teacher and get them to work with you on alternate playing methods. Don't give up either. You may be a great musician someday but don't expect a book produced for the masses to be able to help you unless it is specifically written for you or is the size of War and Peace.For the rest of you, if you are serious about learning, order this series RIGHT NOW!
DVD that goes with the first 2 Fretboard Logic books. Everything was as described. Fretboard Logic is a great product that helps you understand the music rather than just copying it blindly. I'm glad I made this purchase.
I have been learning and relearning music for 50 years. This is one of the best way to explain in an understanding way. Do not be fooled though the stronger your education of theory and guitar will make a difference. This is a great method for all levels but I would recommend to learn music an guitar theory to the point that you would like to really understand why the guitar is made the way it is and you will (understand) why the great recommendations from so many. this DVD or the books deserves the great reviews. The SE book is worth the low cost and goes great with DVD.
Purchased a used PH-2 and am very happy.  After checking the demo's on YouTube, I decided on the ph2 for its classic analog sound.  And with the ruggedness of Boss pedals, this will last me many years to come.  Great addition to my pedal board.
Its great for pediatrics boards review. It exercises your brain and prepares well for the exam. A good purchase overall!
I opened the package upon arrival and was pleased with the finish and construction of this violin.  My granddaughter was happy when we gave it to her for her birthday and her instructor said that it was good.
This violin didn't have many reviews on it when I first looked at it, hence the reason for me being hesitant. Comparing on Amazon, I find that most starter violin sets include a whole lot more in their package, i.e.; starter music CDs, a tuner, and a shoulder/chin rest. This violin does not come with these previous mentioned items. Also, many cheap violins that run about $70 and under have reviews on them about various pieces breaking off right away, or the factory made pieces not good quality, etc. I haven't had any pieces break off of this violin, and the seller promises handmade craftsmanship with a "quality assurance" tag that comes in the case.Even though this violin came fully stringed, I re-stringed the instrument with no real issues. The strings stretched and the violin with them, but that is expected when attaching new strings and tuning them. The pegs slipped a few times, but I expected that with new pegs. A gentle push got them to stay in place. If you are an inexperienced musician, I would suggest taking the instrument to a music store to get stringed to prevent any damage.The set includes all the parts that are listed in the description. For me the items are; VIF light-colored rosin, an octagonal shaped bow, the Stradivarius 4/4 model 300, and a rectangular case. I find no issues with the case so far; the back straps are adjustable and it has a beautiful light-blue inlay, with a semi-hard outer casing. The casing is not the toughest out there, but it will suffice for my storage needs.To answer another review about the varnishing/finishing; I did not find any discrepancies with the finishing; the varnish looks seamless and is a beautiful red-mahogany color.Everything looks as I expected it to. I've played this violin for a few days now and haven't noticed any real issues with it- I will update this review over time as necessary. Overall, I am very surprised and pleased with this violin!Edit: I've had this violin for over a month now. The strings have stretched many times due to the humid weather. The violin itself produces a beautiful, bright sound. Still no discrepancies, and overall I am still pleased with this gift. I will be using this as my go-to violin during my studying.
One does not often hear music from Uganda, and Geoffrey Oryema brings beautiful melodies topped with unusual rhythms to delight the senses.
Would recommend to all lovers of modern African music and who enjoy harmony and style  along with real life messages, skilled  musical synergy and a beautiful voice.
As a musician and life-long student of music from Ravel to Wayne Shorter to AC/DC I find this to be one of the greatest albums of all time.  The textures created by the "ambient" sounds of Eno only highten the great emotional depth Oryema's music embodies.  Each song is a story.  Each song has a strong motif.
I was glad to find this movie so that I could finish watching it.  I saw the first half while substituting in a music class.  I wanted to see the end but did not want to own the movie.  I would recommend this movie to get some insight into Beethoven's life.
My grand children liked this film as much as I did, and they've had only an eighth of as much time listening to Beethoven's music as I have had.  What else is there to say?  Isn't that enough?B Z F  Madison, Wisconsin
My students and I have always loved this movie. Every note is Beethoven's and the students love to hate him at the beginning and learn to love him (AND his music!)by the end. I thought it was time to get the DVD!
This is special and should be introduced to school children. it will guarantee an awakening of their desire for  Beethoven's music as well as to learn more about other musicians.
Cute movie--though fiction--showing the character of Beethoven.  Great for 9-11 year olds.  I use this video in my music class for both entertainment and education. The late Neil Munroe does a great job of acting the part.
I first saw this movie on TV.  It is an excellent movie to show to my music students and a real insight into the composer's life.  The actors enchant us with a superb performance.  Highly recommended.
When my husband suggested we get this for our six year old daughter, I told him that he was wasting his time. How wrong I was, she loved it and I have to admit it entertained me as well.
This Emmy-winning film is visually beautiful and moving, and also very accurate historically. Like the boy in the movie, a real-life young boy named Gerhard von Breuning enjoyed a special relationship with the composer while residing nearby. As an adult, von Breuning wrote about his experiences in a book titled after the name of Beethoven's building, Aus dem Schwarzspanierhaus. The talented actor who plays Beethoven (Neil Munro) looks remarkably like pictures of Beethoven from this period in his life. Much of the dialogue is drawn from Beethoven's own letters, conversation books, and other writings, and most of the action really took place. The musical score includes performances of Beethoven's masterpieces by some of the best international performers. This is one of my favorite DVDs, and very popular with friends to whom I have lent it. Highly recommended.
First, kudos to the reviewers of "Beethoven Lives Upstairs" who understand the difference between entertainment and a biography. They, as I, appreciated:*  how the creators of this fine movie were faithful to Beethoven -- his music, his tantrums with the maid (REALLY DID HAPPEN), his "half nudity" (REALLY DID HAPPEN) and his explosive temperament (REALLY DID HAPPEN).*  the creators applied snippets of his beautiful music to illustrate the drama, comedy et al of not only Beethoven's personality, but the movie's plot as well.*  Neil Munro's uncanny characterization of Beethoven. Of the Beethoven movies out there (Immortal Beloved, Copying  Beethoven), Munro's Beethoven was spot-on. His body type, face, expressions, personality, all were as if he lifted them from Beethoven biographies.*  the creators' full respect for Beethoven. Beethoven himself took pride in being "fiery". And yes, he was a cool guy: He loved kids and animals, all of nature. He despised the aristocracy ('though he needed them) and anyone who didn't appreciate music as art.Now, a slap on the head to the detractors. THE MOVIE IS ENTERTAINMENT. It is NOT a biography. It has just so much time to tell one-tenth of Beethoven's story that will appeal to kids and not lose their interest. The movie cannot possibly contain all of Beethoven's works!  And  if you don't like the "maid violence" and his so-called nudity, I gotta say: It must be tough living with your head in the sand. This movie has all the drama, comedy and APPROPRIATE realism that's suitable for kids. If you don't like the bare-minimum reality of his life, scrub your kids' eyeballs clean and crawl back into your hole. Sheesh.As a Beethoven researcher of more than 20 years, I must say that "Beethoven Lives Upstairs" is the MOST accurate portrayal of Beethoven that I have ever seen. The other movies mentioned are embarrassments to a sublime composer and gifted man. (His sister-in-law as his lover??? When he really despised her for taking his brother away from him and called her a slut in court? Yeah, Ok).And by the way: "Beethoven Lives Upstairs" entertains the adults as well! You don't need to be a kid to enjoy it. Now, THAT's entertainment!
I watched this in school when I was little. I am now 26. I have been looking for this movie my entire life. If you have kids that might be interested in music, this is a must see! It's about a little boy whose mother lets a room in their house to pay for their livelihood after his father dies. Beethoven, a rising composer, who is going deaf, moves in and teaches the boy everything he knows. Great family movie! Great educational movie! So glad to have found it on Amazon!
Beautiful music, scenery and good acting from all the people involved in such a charming movie.Children oriented, very inspirational!
